
Mr Weasley woke them after only a few hours’ sleep. He used magic to pack up the tents, and they left the campsite as quickly as possible, passing Mr Roberts at the door of his cottage. Mr Roberts had a strange, dazed look about him, and he waved them off with a vague ‘Merry Christmas’.
‘He’ll be all right,’ said Mr Weasley quietly, as they marched off onto the moor. ‘Sometimes, when a person’s memory’s modified, it makes them a bit disorientated for a while … and that was a big thing they had to make him forget.’
They heard urgent voices as they approached the spot where the Portkeys lay and, when they reached it, they found a great number of witches and wizards gathered around Basil, the keeper of the Portkeys, all clamouring to get away from the campsite as quickly as possible. Mr Weasley had a hurried discussion with Basil; they joined the queue, and were able to take an old rubber tyre back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun had really risen. They walked back through Ottery St Catchpole towards The Burrow in the dawn light, talking very little because they were so exhausted, and thinking longingly of their breakfast. As they rounded the corner in the lane, and The Burrow came into view, a cry echoed along the damp lane.
‘Oh, thank goodness, thank goodness!’
Mrs Weasley, who had evidently been waiting for them in the front yard, came running towards them, still wearing her bedroom slippers, her face pale and strained, a screwed-up copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in her hand. ‘Arthur – I’ve been so worried – so worried –’
She flung her arms around Mr Weasley’s neck, and the Daily Prophet fell out of her limp hand onto the ground. Looking down, Harry saw the headline: SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP, complete with a twinkling, black-and-white photograph of the Dark Mark over the tree-tops.
‘You’re all right,’ Mrs Weasley muttered distractedly, releasing Mr Weasley and staring around at them all with red eyes, ‘you’re alive … oh, boys …’
And to everybody’s surprise, she seized Fred and George and pulled them both into such a tight hug that their heads banged together.
‘Ouch! Mum – you’re strangling us –’
‘I shouted at you before you left!’ Mrs Weasley said, starting to sob. ‘It’s all I’ve been thinking about! What if You-Know-Who had got you, and the last thing I ever said to you was that you didn’t get enough O.W.Ls? Oh, Fred … George …’
‘Come on, now, Molly, we’re all perfectly OK,’ said Mr Weasley soothingly, prising her off the twins and leading her back towards the house. ‘Bill,’ he added in an undertone, ‘pick up that paper, I want to see what it says …’
When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen, and Hermione had made Mrs Weasley a cup of very strong tea, into which Mr Weasley insisted on pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhisky, Bill handed his father the newspaper. Mr Weasley scanned the front page while Percy looked over his shoulder.
‘I knew it,’ said Mr Weasley heavily. ‘Ministry blunders … culprits not apprehended … lax security … Dark wizards running unchecked … national disgrace … Who wrote this? Ah … of course … Rita Skeeter.’
‘That woman’s got it in for the Ministry of Magic!’ said Percy furiously. ‘Last week she was saying we’re wasting our time quibbling about cauldron thickness, when we should be stamping out vampires! As if it wasn’t specifically stated in paragraph twelve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of Non-Wizard Part-Humans –’
‘Do us a favour, Perce,’ said Bill, yawning, ‘and shut up.’
‘I’m mentioned,’ said Mr Weasley, his eyes widening behind his glasses as he reached the bottom of the Daily Prophet article.
‘Where?’ spluttered Mrs Weasley, choking on her tea and whisky. ‘If I’d seen that, I’d have known you were alive!’
‘Not by name,’ said Mr Weasley. ‘Listen to this: “If the terrified wizards and witches who waited breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expected reassurance from the Ministry of Magic, they were sadly disappointed. A Ministry official emerged some time after the appearance of the Dark Mark, alleging that nobody had been hurt, but refusing to give any more information. Whether this statement will be enough to quash the rumours that several bodies were removed from the woods an hour later, remains to be seen.” Oh, really,’ said Mr Weasley in exasperation, handing the paper to Percy. ‘Nobody was hurt, what was I supposed to say? Rumours that several bodies were removed from the woods … well, there certainly will be rumours now she’s printed that.’
He heaved a deep sigh. ‘Molly, I’m going to have to go into the office, this is going to take some smoothing over.’
‘I’ll come with you, Father,’ said Percy importantly. ‘Mr Crouch will need all hands on deck. And I can give him my cauldron report in person.’
He bustled out of the kitchen.
Mrs Weasley looked most upset. ‘Arthur, you’re supposed to be on holiday! This hasn’t got anything to do with your office, surely they can handle this without you?’
‘I’ve got to go, Molly,’ said Mr Weasley, ‘I’ve made things worse. I’ll just change into my robes and I’ll be off …’
‘Mrs Weasley,’ said Harry suddenly, unable to contain himself, ‘Hedwig hasn’t arrived with a letter for me, has she?’
‘Hedwig, dear?’ said Mrs Weasley distractedly. ‘No … no, there hasn’t been any post at all.’
Ron and Hermione looked curiously at Harry.
With a meaningful look at both of them he said, ‘All right if I go and dump my stuff in your room, Ron?’
‘Yeah … think I will, too,’ said Ron at once. ‘Hermione?’
‘Yes,’ she said quickly, and the three of them marched out of the kitchen and up the stairs.
‘What’s up, Harry?’ said Ron, the moment they had closed the door of the attic room behind them.
‘There’s something I haven’t told you,’ Harry said. ‘On Saturday morning, I woke up with my scar hurting again.’
Ron and Hermione’s reactions were almost exactly as Harry had imagined them back in his bedroom in Privet Drive. Hermione gasped and started making suggestions at once, mentioning a number of reference books, and everybody from Albus Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwarts matron.
Ron simply looked dumbstruck. ‘But – he wasn’t there, was he? You-Know-Who? I mean – last time your scar kept hurting, he was at Hogwarts, wasn’t he?’
‘I’m sure he wasn’t in Privet Drive,’ said Harry. ‘But I was dreaming about him … him and Peter – you know, Wormtail. I can’t remember all of it now, but they were plotting to kill … someone.’
He had teetered for a moment on the verge of saying ‘me’, but couldn’t bring himself to make Hermione look any more horrified than she already did.
‘It was only a dream,’ said Ron bracingly. ‘Just a nightmare.’
‘Yeah, but was it, though?’ said Harry, turning to look out of the window at the brightening sky. ‘It’s weird, isn’t it … my scar hurts, and three days later the Death Eaters are on the march, and Voldemort’s sign’s up in the sky again.’
‘Don’t – say – his – name!’ Ron hissed through gritted teeth.
‘And remember what Professor Trelawney said?’ Harry went on, ignoring Ron. ‘At the end of last year?’
Professor Trelawney was their Divination teacher at Hogwarts.
Hermione’s terrified look vanished as she let out a derisive snort. ‘Oh, Harry, you aren’t going to pay any attention to anything that old fraud says?’
‘You weren’t there,’ said Harry. ‘You didn’t hear her. This time was different. I told you, she went into a trance – a real one. And she said the Dark Lord would rise again … greater and more terrible than ever before … and he’d manage it because his servant was going to go back to him … and that night Wormtail escaped.’
There was a silence in which Ron fidgeted absent-mindedly with a hole in his Chudley Cannons bedspread.
‘Why were you asking if Hedwig had come, Harry?’ Hermione asked. ‘Are you expecting a letter?’
‘I told Sirius about my scar,’ said Harry, shrugging. ‘I’m waiting for his answer.’
‘Good thinking!’ said Ron, his expression clearing. ‘I bet Sirius’ll know what to do!’
‘I hoped he’d get back to me quickly,’ said Harry.
‘But we don’t know where Sirius is … he could be in Africa or somewhere, couldn’t he?’ said Hermione reasonably. ‘Hedwig’s not going to manage that journey in a few days.’
‘Yeah, I know,’ said Harry, but there was a leaden feeling in his stomach as he looked out of the window at the Hedwig-free sky.
‘Come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard, Harry,’ said Ron. ‘Come on – three on three, Bill and Charlie and Fred and George will play … you can try out the Wronski Feint …’
‘Ron,’ said Hermione, in an I-don’t-think-you’re-being-very-sensitive sort of voice, ‘Harry doesn’t want to play Quidditch right now … he’s worried, and he’s tired … we all need to go to bed …’
‘Yeah, I want to play Quidditch,’ said Harry suddenly. ‘Hang on, I’ll get my Firebolt.’
Hermione left the room, muttering something which sounded very much like ‘Boys’.
*
Neither Mr Weasley nor Percy was at home much over the following week. Both left the house each morning before the rest of the family got up, and returned well after dinner every night.
‘It’s been absolute uproar,’ Percy told them importantly, the Sunday evening before they were due to return to Hogwarts. ‘I’ve been putting out fires all week. People keep sending Howlers and of course, if you don’t open a Howler straight away, it explodes. Scorch marks all over my desk and my best quill reduced to cinders.’
‘Why are they all sending Howlers?’ asked Ginny, who was mending her copy of One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi with Spellotape on the rug in front of the living-room fire.
‘Complaining about security at the World Cup,’ said Percy. ‘They want compensation for their ruined property. Mundungus Fletcher’s put in a claim for a twelve-bedroomed tent with en-suite jacuzzi, but I’ve got his number. I know for a fact he was sleeping under a cloak propped on sticks.’
Mrs Weasley glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner. Harry liked this clock. It was completely useless if you wanted to know the time, but otherwise very informative. It had nine golden hands, and each of them was engraved with one of the Weasley family’s names. There were no numerals around the face, but descriptions of where each family member might be. ‘Home’, ‘school’ and ‘work’ were there, but there was also ‘lost’, ‘hospital’, ‘prison’ and, in the position where the number twelve would be on a normal clock, ‘mortal peril’.
Eight of the hands were currently pointing at the ‘home’ position, but Mr Weasley’s, which was the longest, was still pointing at ‘work’. Mrs Weasley sighed.
‘Your father hasn’t had to go into the office at weekends since the days of You-Know-Who,’ she said. ‘They’re working him far too hard. His dinner’s going to be ruined if he doesn’t come home soon.’
‘Well, Father feels he’s got to make up for his mistake at the match, doesn’t he?’ said Percy. ‘If truth be told, he was a tad unwise to make a public statement without clearing it with his Head of Department first –’
‘Don’t you dare blame your father for what that wretched Skeeter woman wrote!’ said Mrs Weasley, flaring up at once.
‘If Dad hadn’t said anything, old Rita would just have said it was disgraceful that nobody from the Ministry had commented,’ said Bill, who was playing chess with Ron. ‘Rita Skeeter never makes anyone look good. Remember, she interviewed all the Gringotts curse breakers once, and called me “a long-haired pillock”?’
‘Well, it is a bit long, dear,’ said Mrs Weasley gently. ‘If you’d just let me –’
‘No, Mum.’
Rain lashed against the living-room window. Hermione was immersed in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, copies of which Mrs Weasley had bought for her, Harry and Ron in Diagon Alley. Charlie was darning a fireproof balaclava. Harry was polishing his Firebolt, the Broomstick Servicing Kit Hermione had given him for his thirteenth birthday open at his feet. Fred and George were sitting in a far corner, quills out, talking in whispers, their heads bent over a piece of parchment.
‘What are you two up to?’ said Mrs Weasley sharply, her eyes on the twins.
‘Homework,’ said Fred vaguely.
‘Don’t be ridiculous, you’re still on holiday,’ said Mrs Weasley.
‘Yeah, we’ve left it a bit late,’ said George.
‘You’re not by any chance writing out a new order form, are you?’ said Mrs Weasley shrewdly. ‘You wouldn’t be thinking of restarting Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes, by any chance?’
‘Now, Mum,’ said Fred, looking up at her, a pained look on his face. ‘If the Hogwarts Express crashed tomorrow, and George and I died, how would you feel knowing that the last thing we ever heard from you was an unfounded accusation?’
Everyone laughed, even Mrs Weasley.
‘Oh, your father’s coming!’ she said suddenly, looking up at the clock again.
Mr Weasley’s hand had suddenly spun from ‘work’ to ‘travelling’; a second later it had shuddered to a halt on ‘home’ with the others, and they heard him calling from the kitchen.
‘Coming, Arthur!’ called Mrs Weasley, hurrying out of the room.
A few moments later, Mr Weasley had come into the warm living room, carrying his dinner on a tray. He looked completely exhausted.
‘Well, the fat’s really in the fire now,’ he told Mrs Weasley as he sat down in an armchair near the fire and toyed unenthusiastically with his somewhat shrivelled cauliflower. ‘Rita Skeeter’s been ferreting around all week, looking for more Ministry mess-ups to report. And now she’s found out about poor old Bertha going missing, so that’ll be the headline in the Prophet tomorrow. I told Bagman he should have sent someone to look for her ages ago.’
‘Mr Crouch has been saying it for weeks and weeks,’ said Percy swiftly.
‘Crouch is very lucky Rita hasn’t found out about Winky,’ said Mr Weasley irritably. ‘There’d be a week’s worth of headlines in his house-elf being caught holding the wand that conjured the Dark Mark.’
‘I thought we were all agreed that that elf, while irresponsible, did not conjure the Mark?’ said Percy hotly.
‘If you ask me, Mr Crouch is very lucky no one at the Daily Prophet knows how mean he is to elves!’ said Hermione angrily.
‘Now, look here, Hermione!’ said Percy. ‘A high-ranking Ministry official like Mr Crouch deserves unswerving obedience from his servants –’
‘His slave, you mean!’ said Hermione, her voice rising shrilly. ‘Because he didn’t pay Winky, did he?’
‘I think you’d all better go upstairs and check that you’ve packed properly!’ said Mrs Weasley, breaking up the argument. ‘Come on, now, all of you …’
Harry repacked his Broomstick Servicing Kit, put his Firebolt over his shoulder and went back upstairs with Ron. The rain sounded even louder at the top of the house, accompanied by loud whistlings and moans from the wind, not to mention sporadic howls from the ghoul who lived in the attic. Pigwidgeon began twittering and zooming around his cage again when they entered. The sight of the half-packed trunks seemed to have sent him into a frenzy of excitement.
‘Bung him some Owl Treats,’ said Ron, throwing a packet across to Harry, ‘it might shut him up.’
Harry poked a few Owl Treats through the bars of Pigwidgeon’s cage, then turned to his trunk. Hedwig’s cage stood next to it, still empty.
‘It’s been over a week,’ Harry said, looking at Hedwig’s deserted perch. ‘Ron, you don’t reckon Sirius has been caught, do you?’
‘Nah, it would’ve been in the Daily Prophet,’ said Ron. ‘The Ministry would want to show they’d caught someone, wouldn’t they?’
‘Yeah, I suppose …’
‘Look, here’s the stuff Mum got for you in Diagon Alley. And she’s got some gold out of your vault for you … and she’s washed all your socks.’
He heaved a pile of parcels onto Harry’s camp bed and dropped the money bag and a load of socks next to it. Harry started unwrapping the shopping. Apart from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, by Miranda Goshawk, he had a handful of new quills, a dozen rolls of parchment and refills for his potion-making kit – he had been running low on spine of lionfish and essence of belladonna. He was just piling underwear into his cauldron when Ron made a loud noise of disgust behind him.
‘What is that supposed to be?’
He was holding up something that looked to Harry like a long, maroon velvet dress. It had a mouldy-looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs.
There was a knock on the door, and Mrs Weasley entered, carrying an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes.
‘Here you are,’ she said, sorting them into two. ‘Now, mind you pack them properly so they don’t crease.’
‘Mum, you’ve given me Ginny’s new dress,’ said Ron, holding it out to her.
‘Of course I haven’t,’ said Mrs Weasley. ‘That’s for you. Dress robes.’
‘What?’ said Ron, looking horror-struck.
‘Dress robes!’ repeated Mrs Weasley. ‘It says on your school list that you’re supposed to have dress robes this year … robes for formal occasions.’
‘You’ve got to be kidding,’ said Ron in disbelief. ‘I’m not wearing that, no way.’
‘Everyone wears them, Ron!’ said Mrs Weasley crossly. ‘They’re all like that! Your father’s got some for smart parties!’
‘I’ll go starkers before I put that on,’ said Ron stubbornly.
‘Don’t be so silly,’ said Mrs Weasley, ‘you’ve got to have dress robes, they’re on your list! I got some for Harry, too … show him, Harry …’
In some trepidation, Harry opened the last parcel on his camp bed. It wasn’t as bad as he had expected, however; his dress robes didn’t have any lace on them at all; in fact, they were more or less the same as his school ones, except that they were bottle green instead of black.
‘I thought they’d bring out the colour of your eyes, dear,’ said Mrs Weasley fondly.
‘Well, they’re OK!’ said Ron angrily, looking at Harry’s robes. ‘Why couldn’t I have some like that?’
‘Because … well, I had to get yours second-hand, and there wasn’t a lot of choice!’ said Mrs Weasley, flushing.
Harry looked away. He would willingly have split all the money in his Gringotts vault with the Weasleys, but he knew they would never take it.
‘I’m never wearing them,’ Ron was saying stubbornly. ‘Never.’
‘Fine,’ snapped Mrs Weasley. ‘Go naked. And Harry, make sure you get a picture of him. Goodness knows I could do with a laugh.’
She left the room, slamming the door behind her. There was a funny spluttering noise from behind them. Pigwidgeon was choking on an overlarge Owl Treat.
‘Why is everything I own rubbish?’ said Ron furiously, striding across the room to unstick Pigwidgeon’s beak.

The next two days passed without great incident, unless you counted Neville melting his sixth cauldron in Potions. Professor Snape, who seemed to have attained new levels of vindictiveness over the summer, gave Neville detention, and Neville returned from it in a state of nervous collapse, having been made to disembowel a barrelful of horned toads.
‘You know why Snape’s in such a foul mood, don’t you?’ said Ron to Harry, as they watched Hermione teaching Neville a Scouring Charm to remove the toad guts from under his fingernails.
‘Yeah,’ said Harry. ‘Moody.’
It was common knowledge that Snape really wanted the Dark Arts job, and he had now failed to get it for the fourth year running. Snape had disliked all of their previous Dark Arts teachers, and shown it – but he seemed strangely wary of displaying overt animosity to Mad-Eye Moody. Indeed, whenever Harry saw the two of them together – at mealtimes, or when they passed in the corridors – he had the distinct impression that Snape was avoiding Moody’s eye, whether magical or normal.
‘I reckon Snape’s a bit scared of him, you know,’ Harry said thoughtfully.
‘Imagine if Moody turned Snape into a horned toad,’ said Ron, his eyes misting over, ‘and bounced him all around his dungeon …’
The Gryffindor fourth-years were looking forward to Moody’s first lesson so much that they arrived early after lunch on Thursday and queued up outside his classroom before the bell had even rung.
The only person missing was Hermione, who turned up just in time for the lesson.
‘Been in the –’
‘– library,’ Harry finished her sentence for her. ‘C’mon, quick, or we won’t get decent seats.’
They hurried into three chairs right in front of the teacher’s desk, took out their copies of The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection, and waited, unusually quiet. Soon they heard Moody’s distinctive clunking footsteps coming down the corridor, and he entered the room, looking as strange and frightening as ever. They could just see his clawed, wooden foot protruding from underneath his robes.
‘You can put those away,’ he growled, stumping over to his desk and sitting down, ‘those books. You won’t need them.’
They returned the books to their bags, Ron looking excited.
Moody took out a register, shook his long mane of grizzled grey hair out of his twisted and scarred face and began to call out names, his normal eye moving steadily down the list while his magical eye swivelled around, fixing upon each student as he or she answered.
‘Right then,’ he said, when the last person had declared themselves present, ‘I’ve had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems you’ve had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark creatures – you’ve covered Boggarts, Red Caps, Hinkypunks, Grindylows, Kappas and werewolves, is that right?’
There was a general murmur of assent.
‘But you’re behind – very behind – on dealing with curses,’ said Moody. ‘So I’m here to bring you up to scratch on what wizards can do to each other. I’ve got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark –’
‘What, aren’t you staying?’ Ron blurted out.
Moody’s magical eye spun around to stare at Ron; Ron looked extremely apprehensive, but after a moment Moody smiled – the first time Harry had seen him do so. The effect was to make his heavily scarred face look more twisted and contorted than ever, but it was nevertheless a relief to know that he ever did anything as friendly as smile. Ron looked deeply relieved.
‘You’ll be Arthur Weasley’s son, eh?’ Moody said. ‘Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few days ago … yeah, I’m staying just the one year. Special favour to Dumbledore … one year, and then back to my quiet retirement.’
He gave a harsh laugh, and then clapped his gnarled hands together.
‘So – straight into it. Curses. They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry of Magic, I’m supposed to teach you counter-curses and leave it at that. I’m not supposed to show you what illegal Dark curses look like until you’re in the sixth year. You’re not supposed to be old enough to deal with it ’til then. But Professor Dumbledore’s got a higher opinion of your nerves, he reckons you can cope, and I say, the sooner you know what you’re up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you’ve never seen? A wizard who’s about to put an illegal curse on you isn’t going to tell you what he’s about to do. He’s not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You need to put that away, Miss Brown, when I’m talking.’
Lavender jumped and blushed. She had been showing Parvati her completed horoscope under the desk. Apparently Moody’s magical eye could see through solid wood, as well as out of the back of his head.
‘So … do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished by wizarding law?’
Several hands rose tentatively into the air, including Ron’s and Hermione’s. Moody pointed at Ron, though his magical eye was still fixed on Lavender.
‘Er,’ said Ron tentatively, ‘my dad told me about one … is it called the Imperius Curse, or something?’
‘Ah, yes,’ said Moody appreciatively. ‘Your father would know that one. Gave the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time, the Imperius Curse.’
Moody got heavily to his mismatched feet, opened his desk drawer, and took out a glass jar. Three large, black spiders were scuttling around inside it. Harry felt Ron recoil slightly next to him – Ron hated spiders.
Moody reached into the jar, caught one of the spiders and held it in the palm of his hand so that they could all see it.
He then pointed his wand at it, and muttered, ‘Imperio!’
The spider leapt from Moody’s hand on a fine thread of silk, and began to swing backwards and forwards as though on a trapeze. It stretched out its legs rigidly, then did a backflip, breaking the thread and landing on the desk, where it began to cartwheel in circles. Moody jerked his wand, and the spider rose onto two of its hind legs and went into what was unmistakeably a tap dance.
Everyone was laughing – everyone except Moody.
‘Think it’s funny, do you?’ he growled. ‘You’d like it, would you, if I did it to you?’
The laughter died away almost instantly.
‘Total control,’ said Moody quietly, as the spider balled itself up and began to roll over and over. ‘I could make it jump out of the window, drown itself, throw itself down one of your throats …’
Ron gave an involuntary shudder.
‘Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards being controlled by the Imperius Curse,’ said Moody, and Harry knew he was talking about the days in which Voldemort had been all-powerful. ‘Some job for the Ministry, trying to sort out who was being forced to act, and who was acting of their own free will.
‘The Imperius Curse can be fought, and I’ll be teaching you how, but it takes real strength of character, and not everyone’s got it. Better avoid being hit with it if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!’ he barked, and everyone jumped.
Moody picked up the somersaulting spider and threw it back into the jar. ‘Anyone else know one? Another illegal curse?’
Hermione’s hand flew into the air again and so, to Harry’s slight surprise, did Neville’s. The only class in which Neville usually volunteered information was Herbology, which was easily his best subject. Neville looked surprised at his own daring.
‘Yes?’ said Moody, his magical eye rolling right over to fix on Neville.
‘There’s one – the Cruciatus Curse,’ said Neville, in a small but distinct voice.
Moody was looking very intently at Neville, this time with both eyes.
‘Your name’s Longbottom?’ he said, his magical eye swooping down to check the register again.
Neville nodded nervously, but Moody made no further enquiries. Turning back to the class at large, he reached into the jar for the next spider and placed it upon the desktop, where it remained motionless, apparently too scared to move.
‘The Cruciatus Curse,’ said Moody. ‘Needs to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea,’ he said, pointing his wand at the spider. ‘Engorgio!’
The spider swelled. It was now larger than a tarantula. Abandoning all pretence, Ron pushed his chair backwards, as far away from Moody’s desk as possible.
Moody raised his wand again, pointed it at the spider, and muttered: ‘Crucio!’
At once, the spider’s legs bent in upon its body; it rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from side to side. No sound came from it, but Harry was sure that if it could have given voice, it would have been screaming. Moody did not remove his wand, and the spider started to shudder and jerk more violently –
‘Stop it!’ Hermione said shrilly.
Harry looked around at her. She was looking, not at the spider, but at Neville, and Harry, following her gaze, saw that Neville’s hands were clenched upon the desk in front of him, his knuckles white, his eyes wide and horrified.
Moody raised his wand. The spider’s legs relaxed, but it continued to twitch.
‘Reducio,’ Moody muttered, and the spider shrank back to its proper size. He put it back into the jar.
‘Pain,’ said Moody softly. ‘You don’t need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse … that one was very popular once, too.
‘Right … anyone know any others?’
Harry looked around. From the looks on everyone’s faces, he guessed they were all wondering what was going to happen to the last spider. Hermione’s hand shook slightly as, for the third time, she raised it into the air.
‘Yes?’ said Moody, looking at her.
‘Avada Kedavra,’ Hermione whispered.
Several people looked uneasily around at her, including Ron.
‘Ah,’ said Moody, another slight smile twisting his lop-sided mouth. ‘Yes, the last and worst. Avada Kedavra … the killing curse.’
He put his hand into the glass jar, and almost as though it knew what was coming, the third spider scuttled frantically around the bottom of the jar, trying to evade Moody’s fingers, but he trapped it, and placed it upon the desktop. It started to scuttle frantically across the wooden surface.
Moody raised his wand, and Harry felt a sudden thrill of foreboding.
‘Avada Kedavra!’ Moody roared.
There was a flash of blinding green light and a rushing sound, as though a vast, invisible something was soaring through the air – instantaneously the spider rolled over onto its back, unmarked, but unmistakably dead. Several of the girls stifled cries; Ron had thrown himself backwards and almost toppled off his seat as the spider skidded towards him.
Moody swept the dead spider off the desk onto the floor.
‘Not nice,’ he said calmly. ‘Not pleasant. And there’s no counter-curse. There’s no blocking it. Only one known person has ever survived it, and he’s sitting right in front of me.’
Harry felt his face redden as Moody’s eyes (both of them) looked into his own. He could feel everyone else looking around at him, too. Harry stared at the blank blackboard as though fascinated by it, but not really seeing it at all …
So that was how his parents had died … exactly like that spider. Had they been unblemished and unmarked, too? Had they simply seen the flash of green light and heard the rush of speeding death, before life was wiped from their bodies?
Harry had been picturing his parents’ deaths over and over again for three years now, ever since he had found out they had been murdered, ever since he’d found out what had happened that night: how Wormtail had betrayed his parents’ whereabouts to Voldemort, who had come to find them at their cottage. How Voldemort had killed Harry’s father first. How James Potter had tried to hold him off, while he shouted at his wife to take Harry and run … and Voldemort had advanced on Lily Potter, told her to move aside so that he could kill Harry … how she had begged him to kill her instead, refused to stop shielding her son … and so Voldemort had murdered her, too, before turning his wand on Harry …
Harry knew these details because he had heard his parents’ voices when he had fought the Dementors last year – for that was the terrible power of the Dementors: to force their victim to relive the worst memories of their life, and drown, powerless, in their own despair …
Moody was speaking again, from a great distance, it seemed to Harry. With a massive effort, he pulled himself back to the present, and listened to what Moody was saying.
‘Avada Kedavra’s a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic behind it – you could all get your wands out now and point them at me and say the words, and I doubt I’d get so much as a nose-bleed. But that doesn’t matter. I’m not here to teach you how to do it.
‘Now, if there’s no counter-curse, why am I showing you? Because you’ve got to know. You’ve got to appreciate what the worst is. You don’t want to find yourself in a situation where you’re facing it. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!’ he roared, and the whole class jumped again.
‘Now … those three curses – Avada Kedavra, Imperius and Cruciatus – are known as the Unforgivable Curses. The use of any one of them on a fellow human being is enough to earn a life sentence in Azkaban. That’s what you’re up against. That’s what I’ve got to teach you to fight. You need preparing. You need arming. But most of all, you need to practise constant, never-ceasing vigilance.Get out your quills … copy this down …’
They spent the rest of the lesson taking notes on each of the Unforgivable Curses. No one spoke until the bell rang – but when Moody had dismissed them and they had left the classroom, a torrent of talk burst forth. Most people were discussing the curses in awed voices – ‘Did you see it twitch?’ ‘– and when he killed it – just like that!’
They were talking about the lesson, Harry thought, as though it had been some sort of spectacular show, but he hadn’t found it very entertaining – and nor, it seemed, had Hermione.
‘Hurry up,’ she said tensely to Harry and Ron.
‘Not the ruddy library again?’ said Ron.
‘No,’ said Hermione curtly, pointing up a side passage. ‘Neville.’
Neville was standing alone, halfway up the passage, staring at the stone wall opposite him with the same horrified, wide-eyed look he had worn when Moody had demonstrated the Cruciatus Curse.
‘Neville?’ Hermione said gently.
Neville looked around.
‘Oh, hello,’ he said, his voice much higher than usual. ‘Interesting lesson, wasn’t it? I wonder what’s for dinner, I’m – I’m starving, aren’t you?’
‘Neville, are you all right?’ said Hermione.
‘Oh, yes, I’m fine,’ Neville gabbled, in the same unnaturally high voice. ‘Very interesting dinner – I mean lesson – what’s for eating?’
Ron gave Harry a startled look.
‘Neville, what –?’
But an odd clunking noise sounded behind them, and they turned to see Professor Moody limping towards them. All four of them fell silent, watching him apprehensively, but when he spoke, it was in a much lower and gentler growl than they had yet heard.
‘It’s all right, sonny,’ he said to Neville. ‘Why don’t you come up to my office? Come on … we can have a cup of tea …’
Neville looked even more frightened at the prospect of tea with Moody. He neither moved nor spoke.
Moody turned his magical eye upon Harry. ‘You all right, are you, Potter?’
‘Yes,’ said Harry, almost defiantly.
Moody’s blue eye quivered slightly in its socket as it surveyed Harry.
Then he said, ‘You’ve got to know. It seems harsh, maybe, but you’ve got to know. No point pretending … well … come on, Longbottom, I’ve got some books that might interest you.’
Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron and Hermione, but they didn’t say anything, so Neville had no choice but to allow himself to be steered away, one of Moody’s gnarled hands on his shoulder.
‘What was that about?’ said Ron, watching Neville and Moody turn the corner.
‘I don’t know,’ said Hermione, looking pensive.
‘Some lesson, though, eh?’ said Ron to Harry, as they set off for the Great Hall. ‘Fred and George were right, weren’t they? He really knows his stuff, Moody, doesn’t he? When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that spider just died, just snuffed it right –’
But Ron fell suddenly silent at the look on Harry’s face, and didn’t speak again until they reached the Great Hall, when he said he supposed they had better make a start on Professor Trelawney’s predictions tonight, as they would take hours.
Hermione did not join in with Harry and Ron’s conversation during dinner, but ate furiously fast, and then left for the library again. Harry and Ron walked back to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had been thinking of nothing else all through dinner, now raised the subject of the Unforgivable Curses himself.
‘Wouldn’t Moody and Dumbledore be in trouble with the Ministry if they knew we’d seen the curses?’ Harry asked, as they approached the Fat Lady.
‘Yeah, probably,’ said Ron. ‘But Dumbledore’s always done things his way, hasn’t he, and Moody’s been getting in trouble for years, I reckon. Attacks first and asks questions later – look at his dustbins. Balderdash.’
The Fat Lady swung forwards to reveal the entrance hole, and they climbed into Gryffindor common room, which was crowded and noisy.
‘Shall we get our Divination stuff, then?’ said Harry.
‘I s’pose,’ Ron groaned.
They went up to the dormitory to fetch their books and charts, and found Neville there alone, sitting on his bed, reading. He looked a good deal calmer than at the end of Moody’s lesson, though still not entirely normal. His eyes were rather red.
‘You all right, Neville?’ Harry asked him.
‘Oh yes,’ said Neville, ‘I’m fine, thanks. Just reading this book Professor Moody lent me …’
He held up the book: Magical Mediterranean Water-Plants and Their Properties.
‘Apparently, Professor Sprout told Professor Moody I’m really good at Herbology,’ Neville said. There was a faint note of pride in his voice that Harry had rarely heard there before. ‘He thought I’d like this.’
Telling Neville what Professor Sprout had said, Harry thought, had been a very tactful way of cheering Neville up, for Neville very rarely heard that he was good at anything. It was the sort of thing Professor Lupin would have done.
Harry and Ron took their copies of Unfogging the Future back down to the common room, found a table and set to work on their predictions for the coming month. An hour later, they had made very little progress, though their table was littered with bits of parchment bearing sums and symbols, and Harry’s brain was as fogged as though it had been filled with the fumes from Professor Trelawney’s fire.
‘I haven’t got a clue what this lot’s supposed to mean,’ he said, staring down at a long list of calculations.
‘You know,’ said Ron, whose hair was on end because of all the times he had run his fingers through it in frustration, ‘I think it’s back to the old Divination standby.’
‘What – make it up?’
‘Yeah,’ said Ron, sweeping the jumble of scrawled notes off the table, dipping his pen into some ink and starting to write.
‘Next Monday,’ he said, as he scribbled, ‘I am likely to develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of Mars and Jupiter.’ He looked up at Harry. ‘You know her – just put in loads of misery, she’ll lap it up.’
‘Right,’ said Harry, crumpling up his first attempt and lobbing it over the heads of a group of chattering first-years into the fire. ‘OK … on Monday, I will be in danger of – er – burns.’
‘Yeah, you will be,’ said Ron darkly, ‘we’re seeing the Skrewts again on Monday. OK, Tuesday, I’ll … erm …’
‘Lose a treasured possession,’ said Harry, who was flicking through Unfogging the Future for ideas.
‘Good one,’ said Ron, copying it down. ‘Because of … erm … Mercury. Why don’t you get stabbed in the back by someone you thought was a friend?’
‘Yeah … cool …’ said Harry, scribbling it down, ‘because … Venus is in the twelfth house.’
‘And on Wednesday, I think I’ll come off worst in a fight.’
‘Aaah, I was going to have a fight. OK, I’ll lose a bet.’
‘Yeah, you’ll be betting I’ll win my fight …’
They continued to make up predictions (which grew steadily more tragic) for another hour, while the common room around them slowly emptied as people went up to bed. Crookshanks wandered over to them, leapt lightly into an empty chair, and stared inscrutably at Harry, rather as Hermione might look if she knew they weren’t doing their homework properly.
Staring around the room, trying to think of a kind of misfortune he hadn’t yet used, Harry saw Fred and George sitting together against the opposite wall, heads together, quills out, poring over a single piece of parchment. It was most unusual to see Fred and George hidden away in a corner and working silently; they usually liked to be in the thick of things, and the noisy centre of attention. There was something secretive about the way they were working on the piece of parchment, and Harry was reminded of how they had sat together writing something back at The Burrow. He had thought then that it was another order form for Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes, but it didn’t look like that this time; if it had been, they would surely have let Lee Jordan in on the joke. He wondered whether it had anything to do with entering the Triwizard Tournament.
As Harry watched, George shook his head at Fred, scratched something out with his quill and said, in a very quiet voice that nevertheless carried across the almost deserted room, ‘No – that sounds like we’re accusing him. Got to be careful …’
Then George looked over and saw Harry watching him. Harry grinned, and quickly returned to his predictions – he didn’t want George to think he was eavesdropping. Shortly after that, the twins rolled up their parchment, said goodnight and went off to bed.
Fred and George had been gone ten minutes or so when the portrait hole opened and Hermione climbed into the common room, carrying a sheaf of parchment in one hand and a box whose contents rattled as she walked, in the other. Crookshanks arched his back, purring.
‘Hello,’ she said, ‘I’ve just finished!’
‘So have I!’ said Ron triumphantly, throwing down his quill.
Hermione sat down, laid the things she was carrying in an empty armchair and pulled Ron’s predictions towards her.
‘Not going to have a very good month, are you?’ she said sardonically, as Crookshanks curled up in her lap.
‘Ah well, at least I’m forewarned,’ Ron yawned.
‘You seem to be drowning twice,’ said Hermione.
‘Oh, am I?’ said Ron, peering down at his predictions. ‘I’d better change one of them to getting trampled by a rampaging Hippogriff.’
‘Don’t you think it’s a bit obvious you’ve made these up?’ said Hermione.
‘How dare you!’ said Ron, in mock outrage. ‘We’ve been working like house-elves here!’
Hermione raised her eyebrows.
‘It’s just an expression,’ said Ron hastily.
Harry laid down his quill, too, having just finished predicting his own death by decapitation.
‘What’s in the box?’ he asked, pointing at it.
‘Funny you should ask,’ said Hermione, with a nasty look at Ron. She took off the lid, and showed them the contents.
Inside were about fifty badges, all of different colours, but all bearing the same letters: S.P.E.W.
‘“Spew”?’ said Harry, picking up a badge and looking at it. ‘What’s this about?’
‘Not spew,’ said Hermione impatiently. ‘It’s S – P – E – W. Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.’
‘Never heard of it,’ said Ron.
‘Well, of course you haven’t,’ said Hermione briskly, ‘I’ve only just started it.’
‘Yeah?’ said Ron in mild surprise. ‘How many members have you got?’
‘Well – if you two join – three,’ said Hermione.
‘And you think we want to walk around wearing badges saying “spew”, do you?’ said Ron.
‘S – P – E – W!’ said Hermione hotly. ‘I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Status – but it wouldn’t fit. So that’s the heading of our manifesto.’
She brandished the sheaf of parchment at them. ‘I’ve been researching it thoroughly in the library. Elf enslavement goes back centuries. I can’t believe no one’s done anything about it before now.’
‘Hermione – open your ears,’ said Ron loudly. ‘They. Like. It. They like being enslaved!’
‘Our short-term aims,’ said Hermione, speaking even more loudly than Ron, and acting as though she hadn’t heard a word, ‘are to secure house-elves fair wages and working conditions. Our long-term aims include changing the law about non-wand-use, and trying to get an elf into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, because they’re shockingly under-represented.’
‘And how do we do all this?’ Harry asked.
‘We start by recruiting members,’ said Hermione happily. ‘I thought two Sickles to join – that buys a badge – and the proceeds can fund our leaflet campaign. You’re treasurer, Ron – I’ve got you a collecting tin upstairs – and Harry, you’re secretary, so you might want to write down everything I’m saying now, as a record of our first meeting.’
There was a pause in which Hermione beamed at the pair of them, and Harry sat, torn between exasperation at Hermione, and amusement at the look on Ron’s face. The silence was broken, not by Ron, who in any case looked as though he was temporarily dumbstruck, but by a soft tap, tap on the window. Harry looked across the now empty common room, and saw, illuminated by the moonlight, a snowy owl perched on the window-sill.
‘Hedwig!’ he shouted, and he launched himself out of his chair and across the room to pull open the window.
Hedwig flew inside, soared across the room and landed on the table on top of Harry’s predictions.
‘About time!’ said Harry, hurrying after her.
‘She’s got an answer!’ said Ron excitedly, pointing at the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwig’s leg.
Harry hastily untied it and sat down to read it, whereupon Hedwig fluttered onto his knee, hooting softly.
‘What does it say?’ Hermione asked breathlessly.
The letter was very short, and looked as though it had been scrawled in a great hurry. Harry read it aloud:
 
Harry –
I’m flying north immediately. This news about your scar is the latest in a series of strange rumours that have reached me here. If it hurts again, go straight to Dumbledore – they’re saying he’s got Mad-Eye out of retirement, which means he’s reading the signs, even if no one else is.
I’ll be in touch soon. My best to Ron and Hermione. Keep your eyes open, Harry.
Sirius
 
Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who stared back at him.
‘He’s flying north?’ Hermione whispered. ‘He’s coming back?’
‘Dumbledore’s reading what signs?’ said Ron, looking perplexed. ‘Harry – what’s up?’
For Harry had just hit himself in the forehead with his fist, jolting Hedwig out of his lap.
‘I shouldn’t’ve told him!’ Harry said furiously.
‘What are you on about?’ said Ron, in surprise.
‘It’s made him think he’s got to come back!’ said Harry, now slamming his fist on the table so that Hedwig landed on the back of Ron’s chair, hooting indignantly. ‘Coming back, because he thinks I’m in trouble! And there’s nothing wrong with me! And I haven’t got anything for you,’ Harry snapped at Hedwig, who was clicking her beak expectantly, ‘you’ll have to go up to the Owlery if you want food.’
Hedwig gave him an extremely offended look and took off for the open window, cuffing him around the head with her outstretched wing as she went.
‘Harry,’ Hermione began, in a pacifying sort of voice.
‘I’m going to bed,’ said Harry shortly. ‘See you in the morning.’
Upstairs in the dormitory he pulled on his pyjamas and got into his four-poster, but he didn’t feel remotely tired.
If Sirius came back and got caught, it would be his, Harry’s, fault. Why hadn’t he kept his mouth shut? A few seconds’ pain and he’d had to blab … if he’d just had the sense to keep it to himself …
He heard Ron come up into the dormitory a short while later, but did not speak to him. For a long time, Harry lay staring up at the dark canopy of his bed. The dormitory was completely silent, and, had he been less preoccupied, Harry would have realised that the absence of Neville’s usual snores meant that he was not the only one lying awake.

Early next morning, Harry woke with a plan fully formed in his mind, as though his sleeping brain had been working on it all night. He got up, dressed in the pale dawn light, left the dormitory without waking Ron and went back down to the deserted common room. Here he took a piece of parchment from the table upon which his Divination homework still lay, and wrote the following letter:
 
Dear Sirius,
I reckon I just imagined my scar hurting, I was half-asleep when I wrote to you last time. There’s no point coming back, everything’s fine here. Don’t worry about me, my head feels completely normal.
Harry
 
He then climbed out of the portrait hole, up through the silent castle (held up only briefly by Peeves, who tried to overturn a large vase on him halfway along the fourth-floor corridor), finally arriving at the Owlery, which was situated at the top of West Tower.
The Owlery was a circular stone room; rather cold and draughty, because none of the windows had glass in them. The floor was entirely covered in straw, owl droppings and the regurgitated skeletons of mice and voles. Hundreds upon hundreds of owls of every breed imaginable were nestled here on perches that rose right up to the top of the tower, nearly all of them asleep, though here and there a round amber eye glared at Harry. He spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her, sliding a little on the dropping-strewn floor.
It took him a little while to persuade her to wake up and then to look at him as she kept shuffling around on her perch, showing him her tail. She was evidently still furious about his lack of gratitude the previous night. In the end, it was Harry suggesting she might be too tired, and that perhaps he would ask Ron to borrow Pigwidgeon, that made her stick out her leg and allow him to tie the letter to it.
‘Just find him, all right?’ Harry said, stroking her back as he carried her on his arm to one of the holes in the wall. ‘Before the Dementors do.’
She nipped his finger, perhaps rather harder than she would ordinarily have done, but hooted softly in a reassuring sort of way all the same. Then she spread her wings and took off into the sunrise. Harry watched her out of sight with the familiar feeling of unease back in his stomach. He had been so sure that Sirius’ reply would alleviate his worries rather than increasing them.
*
‘That was a lie, Harry,’ said Hermione sharply over breakfast, when he told her and Ron what he had done. ‘You didn’t imagine your scar hurting and you know it.’
‘So what?’ said Harry. ‘He’s not going back to Azkaban because of me.’
‘Drop it,’ said Ron sharply to Hermione, as she opened her mouth to argue some more, and for once, Hermione heeded him, and fell silent.
Harry did his best not to worry about Sirius over the next couple of weeks. True, he could not stop himself looking anxiously around every morning when the post owls arrived, nor, late at night before he went to sleep, prevent himself seeing horrible visions of Sirius, cornered by Dementors down some dark London street, but between times he tried to keep his mind off his godfather. He wished he still had Quidditch to distract him; nothing worked so well on a troubled mind as a good, hard training session. On the other hand, their lessons were becoming more difficult and demanding than ever before, particularly Defence Against the Dark Arts.
To their surprise, Professor Moody had announced that he would be putting the Imperius Curse on each of them in turn, to demonstrate its power and to see whether they could resist its effects.
‘But – but you said it’s illegal, Professor,’ said Hermione uncertainly, as Moody cleared away the desks with a sweep of his wand, leaving a large clear space in the middle of the room. ‘You said – to use it against another human was –’
‘Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like,’ said Moody, his magical eye swivelling onto Hermione and fixing her with an eerie, unblinking stare. ‘If you’d rather learn the hard way – when someone’s putting it on you so they can control you completely – fine by me. You’re excused. Off you go.’
He pointed one gnarled finger towards the door. Hermione went very pink, and muttered something about not meaning that she wanted to leave. Harry and Ron grinned at each other. They knew Hermione would rather eat Bubotuber pus than miss such an important lesson.
Moody began to beckon students forwards in turn and put the Imperius Curse upon them. Harry watched as, one by one, his classmates did the most extraordinary things under its influence. Dean Thomas hopped three times around the room, singing the national anthem. Lavender Brown imitated a squirrel. Neville performed a series of quite astonishing gymnastics he would certainly not have been capable of in his normal state. Not one of them seemed to be able to fight the curse off, and each of them recovered only when Moody had removed it.
‘Potter,’ Moody growled, ‘you next.’
Harry moved forward into the middle of the classroom, into the space that Moody had cleared of desks. Moody raised his wand, pointed it at Harry, and said, ‘Imperio.’
It was the most wonderful feeling. Harry felt a floating sensation as every thought and worry in his head was wiped gently away, leaving nothing but a vague, untraceable happiness. He stood there feeling immensely relaxed, only dimly aware of everyone watching him.
And then he heard Mad-Eye Moody’s voice, echoing in some distant chamber of his empty brain: Jump onto the desk … jump onto the desk …
Harry bent his knees obediently, preparing to spring.
Jump onto the desk …
Why, though?
Another voice had awoken in the back of his brain. Stupid thing to do, really, said the voice.
Jump onto the desk …
No, I don’t think I will, thanks, said the other voice, a little more firmly … no, I don’t really want to …
Jump! NOW!
The next thing Harry felt was considerable pain. He had both jumped and tried to prevent himself from jumping – the result was that he’d smashed headlong into the desk, knocking it over, and, by the feeling in his legs, fractured both his kneecaps.
‘Now, that’s more like it!’ growled Moody’s voice, and suddenly Harry felt the empty, echoing feeling in his head disappear. He remembered exactly what was happening, and the pain in his knees seemed to double.
‘Look at that, you lot … Potter fought! He fought it, and he damn near beat it! We’ll try that again, Potter, and the rest of you, pay attention – watch his eyes, that’s where you see it – very good, Potter, very good indeed! They’ll have trouble controlling you!’
‘The way he talks,’ Harry muttered, as he hobbled out of the Defence Against the Dark Arts class an hour later (Moody had insisted on putting Harry through his paces four times in a row, until Harry could throw the curse off entirely), ‘you’d think we were all going to be attacked any second.’
‘Yeah, I know,’ said Ron, who was skipping on every alternate step. He had had much more difficulty with the curse than Harry, though Moody assured him the effects would have worn off by lunchtime. ‘Talk about paranoid …’ Ron glanced nervously over his shoulder to check that Moody was definitely out of earshot, and went on, ‘No wonder they were glad to get shot of him at the Ministry, did you hear him telling Seamus what he did to that witch who shouted “boo” behind him on April Fools’ Day? And when are we supposed to read up on resisting the Imperius Curse with everything else we’ve got to do?’
All the fourth-years had noticed a definite increase in the amount of work they were required to do this term. Professor McGonagall explained why, when the class gave a particularly loud groan at the amount of Transfiguration homework she had set.
‘You are now entering a most important phase of your magical education!’ she told them, her eyes glinting dangerously behind her square spectacles. ‘Your Ordinary Wizarding Levels are drawing closer –’
‘We don’t take O.W.Ls ’til fifth year!’ said Dean Thomas indignantly.
‘Maybe not, Thomas, but believe me, you need all the preparation you can get! Miss Granger remains the only person in this class who has managed to turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pincushion. I might remind you that your pincushion, Thomas, still curls up in fright if anyone approaches it with a pin!’
Hermione, who had turned rather pink again, seemed to be trying not to look too pleased with herself.
Harry and Ron were deeply amused when Professor Trelawney told them that they had received top marks for their homework in their next Divination class. She read out large portions of their predictions, commending them for their unflinching acceptance of the horrors in store for them – but they were less amused when she asked them to do the same thing for the month after next; both of them were running out of ideas for catastrophes.
Meanwhile Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic, had them writing weekly essays on the Goblin Rebellions of the eighteenth century. Professor Snape was forcing them to research antidotes. They took this seriously, as he had hinted that he might be poisoning one of them before Christmas to see if their antidote worked. Professor Flitwick had asked them to read three extra books in preparation for their lesson on Summoning Charms.
Even Hagrid was adding to their workload. The Blast-Ended Skrewts were growing at a remarkable pace, given that nobody had yet discovered what they ate. Hagrid was delighted and, as part of their ‘project’, suggested that they come down to his hut on alternate evenings to observe the Skrewts and make notes on their extraordinary behaviour.
‘I will not,’ said Draco Malfoy flatly, when Hagrid had proposed this with the air of Father Christmas pulling an extra large toy out of his sack. ‘I see enough of these foul things during lessons, thanks.’
Hagrid’s smile faded from his face.
‘Yeh’ll do wha’ yer told,’ he growled, ‘or I’ll be takin’ a leaf outta Professor Moody’s book … I hear yeh made a good ferret, Malfoy.’
The Gryffindors roared with laughter. Malfoy flushed with anger, but apparently the memory of Moody’s punishment was still sufficiently painful to stop him retorting. Harry, Ron and Hermione returned to the castle at the end of the lesson in high spirits; seeing Hagrid put down Malfoy was particularly satisfying, especially because Malfoy had done his very best to get Hagrid sacked the previous year.
When they arrived in the Entrance Hall, they found themselves unable to proceed owing to the large crowd of students congregated there, all milling around a large sign which had been erected at the foot of the marble staircase. Ron, the tallest of the three, stood on tiptoe to see over the heads in front of them and read the sign aloud to the other two.
 
TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT
The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving at 6 o’clock on Friday 30th of October. Lessons will end half an hour early –
 
‘Brilliant!’ said Harry. ‘It’s Potions last thing on Friday! Snape won’t have time to poison us all!’
 
Students will return their bags and books to their dormitories and assemble in front of the castle to greet our guests before the Welcoming Feast.
 
‘Only a week away!’ said Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff, emerging from the crowd, his eyes gleaming. ‘I wonder if Cedric knows? Think I’ll go and tell him …’
‘Cedric?’ said Ron blankly, as Ernie hurried off.
‘Diggory,’ said Harry. ‘He must be entering the Tournament.’
‘That idiot, Hogwarts champion?’ said Ron, as they pushed their way through the chattering crowd towards the staircase.
‘He’s not an idiot, you just don’t like him because he beat Gryffindor at Quidditch,’ said Hermione. ‘I’ve heard he’s a really good student – and he’s a Prefect.’
She spoke as though this settled the matter.
‘You only like him because he’s handsome,’ said Ron scathingly.
‘Excuse me, I don’t like people just because they’re handsome!’ said Hermione indignantly.
Ron gave a loud false cough, which sounded oddly like ‘Lockhart!’.
The appearance of the sign in the Entrance Hall had a marked effect upon the inhabitants of the castle. During the following week, there seemed to be only one topic of conversation, no matter where Harry went: the Triwizard Tournament. Rumours were flying from student to student like highly contagious germs: who was going to try for Hogwarts champion, what the Tournament would involve, how the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang differed from themselves.
Harry noticed, too, that the castle seemed to be undergoing an extra-thorough cleaning. Several grimy portraits had been scrubbed, much to the displeasure of their subjects, who sat huddled in their frames muttering darkly and wincing as they felt their raw pink faces. The suits of armour were suddenly gleaming and moving without squeaking, and Argus Filch, the caretaker, was behaving so ferociously to any student who forgot to wipe their shoes that he terrified a pair of first-year girls into hysterics.
Other members of staff seemed oddly tense, too.
‘Longbottom, kindly do not reveal that you can’t even perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durmstrang!’ Professor McGonagall barked at the end of one particularly difficult lesson, during which Neville had accidentally transplanted his own ears onto a cactus.
When they went down to breakfast on the morning of the thirtieth of October, they found that the Great Hall had been decorated overnight. Enormous silk banners hung from the walls, each of them representing a Hogwarts house – red with a gold lion for Gryffindor, blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, and green with a silver serpent for Slytherin. Behind the teachers’ table, the largest banner of all bore the Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger and snake united around a large letter ‘H’.
Harry, Ron and Hermione spotted Fred and George at the Gryffindor table. Once again, and most unusually, they were sitting apart from everyone else and conversing in low voices. Ron led the way over to them.
‘It’s a bummer all right,’ George was saying gloomily to Fred. ‘But if he won’t talk to us in person, we’ll have to send him the letter after all. Or we’ll stuff it into his hand, he can’t avoid us for ever.’
‘Who’s avoiding you?’ said Ron, sitting down next to them.
‘Wish you would,’ said Fred, looking irritated at the interruption.
‘What’s a bummer?’ Ron asked George.
‘Having a nosy git like you for a brother,’ said George.
‘You two got any ideas on the Triwizard Tournament yet?’ Harry asked. ‘Thought any more about trying to enter?’
‘I asked McGonagall how the champions are chosen but she wasn’t telling,’ said George bitterly. ‘She just told me to shut up and get on with Transfiguring my raccoon.’
‘Wonder what the tasks are going to be?’ said Ron thoughtfully. ‘You know, I bet we could do them, Harry, we’ve done dangerous stuff before …’
‘Not in front of a panel of judges, you haven’t,’ said Fred. ‘McGonagall says the champions get awarded points according to how well they’ve done the tasks.’
‘Who are the judges?’ Harry asked.
‘Well, the Heads of the participating schools are always on the panel,’ said Hermione, and everyone looked around at her, rather surprised, ‘because all three of them were injured during the Tournament of 1792, when a cockatrice the champions were supposed to be catching went on the rampage.’
She noticed them all looking at her and said, with her usual air of impatience that nobody else had read all the books she had, ‘It’s all in Hogwarts: A History. Though, of course, that book’s not entirely reliable. “A Revised History of Hogwarts” would be a more accurate title. Or “A Highly Biased and Selective History of Hogwarts, Which Glosses Over the Nastier Aspects of the School”.’
‘What are you on about?’ said Ron, though Harry thought he knew what was coming.
‘House-elves!’ said Hermione loudly and proving Harry right. ‘Not once, in over a thousand pages, does Hogwarts: A History mention that we are all colluding in the oppression of a hundred slaves!’
Harry shook his head, and applied himself to his scrambled eggs. His and Ron’s lack of enthusiasm had done nothing whatsoever to curb Hermione’s determination to pursue justice for house-elves. True, both of them had paid two Sickles for a S.P.E.W. badge, but they had only done it to keep her quiet. Their Sickles had been wasted, however; if anything, they seemed to have made Hermione more vociferous. She had been badgering Harry and Ron ever since, firstly to wear the badges, then to persuade others to do the same, and she had also taken to rattling around the Gryffindor common room every evening, cornering people and shaking the collecting tin under their noses.
‘You do realise that your sheets are changed, your fires lit, your classrooms cleaned and your food cooked by a group of magical creatures who are unpaid and enslaved?’ she kept saying fiercely.
Some people, like Neville, had paid up just to stop Hermione glowering at them. A few seemed mildly interested in what she had to say, but were reluctant to take a more active role in campaigning. Many regarded the whole thing as a joke.
Ron now rolled his eyes at the ceiling, which was flooding them all in autumn sunlight, and Fred became extremely interested in his bacon (both twins had refused to buy a S.P.E.W. badge). George, however, leant towards Hermione.
‘Listen, have you ever been down in the kitchens, Hermione?’
‘No, of course not,’ said Hermione curtly, ‘I hardly think students are supposed to –’
‘Well, we have,’ said George, indicating Fred, ‘loads of times, to nick food. And we’ve met them, and they’re happy. They think they’ve got the best job in the world –’
‘That’s because they’re uneducated and brainwashed!’ Hermione began hotly, but her next few words were drowned by the sudden whooshing noise from overhead which announced the arrival of the post owls. Harry looked up at once, and saw Hedwig soaring towards him. Hermione stopped talking abruptly; she and Ron watched Hedwig anxiously, as she fluttered down onto Harry’s shoulder, folded her wings and held out her leg wearily.
Harry pulled off Sirius’ reply and offered Hedwig his bacon rinds, which she ate gratefully. Then, checking that Fred and George were safely immersed in further discussions about the Triwizard Tournament, Harry read out Sirius’ letter in a whisper to Ron and Hermione.
 
Nice try, Harry.
I’m back in the country and well hidden. I want you to keep me posted on everything that’s going on at Hogwarts. Don’t use Hedwig, keep changing owls, and don’t worry about me, just watch out for yourself. Don’t forget what I said about your scar.
Sirius
 
‘Why d’you have to keep changing owls?’ Ron asked in a low voice.
‘Hedwig’ll attract too much attention,’ said Hermione at once. ‘She stands out. A snowy owl that keeps returning to wherever he’s hiding … I mean, they’re not native birds, are they?’
Harry rolled up the letter and slipped it inside his robes, wondering whether he felt more or less worried than before. He supposed that Sirius managing to get back without being caught was something. He couldn’t deny, either, that the idea that Sirius was much nearer was reassuring; at least he wouldn’t have to wait so long for a response every time he wrote.
‘Thanks, Hedwig,’ he said, stroking her. She hooted sleepily, dipped her beak briefly into his goblet of orange juice, then took off again, clearly desperate for a good long sleep in the Owlery.
There was a pleasant feeling of anticipation in the air that day. Nobody was very attentive in lessons, being much more interested in the arrival that evening of the people from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang; even Potions was more bearable than usual, as it was half an hour shorter. When the bell rang early, Harry, Ron and Hermione hurried up to Gryffindor Tower, deposited their bags and books as they had been instructed, pulled on their cloaks and rushed back downstairs into the Entrance Hall.
The Heads of houses were ordering their students into lines.
‘Weasley, straighten your hat,’ Professor McGonagall snapped at Ron. ‘Miss Patil, take that ridiculous thing out of your hair.’
Parvati scowled and removed a large ornamental butterfly from the end of her plait.
‘Follow me, please,’ said Professor McGonagall, ‘first-years in front … no pushing …’
They filed down the front steps and lined up in front of the castle. It was a cold, clear evening; dusk was falling and a pale, transparent-looking moon was already shining over the Forbidden Forest. Harry, standing between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from the front, saw Dennis Creevey positively shivering with anticipation among the other first-years.
‘Nearly six,’ said Ron, checking his watch and then staring down the drive which led to the front gates. ‘How d’you reckon they’re coming? The train?’
‘I doubt it,’ said Hermione.
‘How, then? Broomsticks?’ Harry suggested, looking up at the starry sky.
‘I don’t think so … not from that far away …’
‘A Portkey?’ Ron suggested. ‘Or they could Apparate – maybe you’re allowed to do it under seventeen wherever they come from?’
‘You can’t Apparate inside the Hogwarts grounds, how often do I have to tell you?’ said Hermione impatiently.
They scanned the darkening grounds excitedly, but nothing was moving; everything was still, silent and quite as usual. Harry was starting to feel cold. He wished they’d hurry up … maybe the foreign students were preparing a dramatic entrance … he remembered what Mr Weasley had said back on the campsite before the Quidditch World Cup – ‘Always the same, we can’t resist showing off when we get together …’
And then Dumbledore called out from the back row, where he stood with the other teachers – ‘Aha! Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches!’
‘Where?’ said many students eagerly, all looking in different directions.
‘There!’ yelled a sixth-year, pointing over the Forest.
Something large, much larger than a broomstick – or, indeed, a hundred broomsticks – was hurtling across the deep blue sky towards the castle, growing larger all the time.
‘It’s a dragon!’ shrieked one of the first-years, losing her head completely.
‘Don’t be stupid … it’s a flying house!’ said Dennis Creevey.
Dennis’s guess was closer … as the gigantic black shape skimmed over the treetops of the Forbidden Forest, and the lights shining from the castle windows hit it, they saw a gigantic, powder-blue, horse-drawn carriage, the size of a large house, soaring towards them, pulled through the air by a dozen winged horses, all palominos, and each the size of an elephant.
The front three rows of students drew backwards as the carriage hurtled ever lower, coming in to land at a tremendous speed – then, with an almighty crash that made Neville jump backwards onto a Slytherin fifth-year’s foot – the horses’ hooves, larger than dinner plates, hit the ground. A second later, the carriage landed too, bouncing upon its vast wheels, while the golden horses tossed their enormous heads and rolled large, fiery red eyes.
Harry just had time to see that the door of the carriage bore a coat of arms (two crossed, golden wands, each emitting three stars) before it opened.
A boy in pale blue robes jumped down from the carriage, bent forwards, fumbled for a moment with something on the carriage floor and unfolded a set of golden steps. He sprang back respectfully. Then Harry saw a shining, high-heeled black shoe emerging from the inside of the carriage – a shoe the size of a child’s sled – followed, almost immediately, by the largest woman he had ever seen in his life. The size of the carriage, and of the horses, was immediately explained. A few people gasped.
Harry had only ever seen one person as large as this woman in his life, and that was Hagrid; he doubted whether there was an inch difference in their heights. Yet somehow – maybe simply because he was used to Hagrid – this woman (now at the foot of the steps, and looking around at the waiting, wide-eyed crowd) seemed even more unnaturally large. As she stepped into the light flooding from the Entrance Hall, she was revealed to have a handsome, olive-skinned face, large, black, liquid-looking eyes and a rather beaky nose. Her hair was drawn back in a shining knob at the base of her neck. She was dressed from head to foot in black satin, and many magnificent opals gleamed at her throat and on her thick fingers.
Dumbledore started to clap; the students, following his lead, broke into applause too, many of them standing on tiptoe, the better to look at this woman.
Her face relaxed into a gracious smile, and she walked forwards towards Dumbledore, extending a glittering hand. Dumbledore, though tall himself, had barely to bend to kiss it.
‘My dear Madame Maxime,’ he said. ‘Welcome to Hogwarts.’
‘Dumbly-dorr,’ said Madame Maxime, in a deep voice. ‘I ’ope I find you well?’
‘On excellent form, I thank you,’ said Dumbledore.
‘My pupils,’ said Madame Maxime, waving one of her enormous hands carelessly behind her.
Harry, whose attention had been focused completely upon Madame Maxime, now noticed that around a dozen boys and girls – all, by the look of them, in their late teens – had emerged from the carriage and were now standing behind Madame Maxime. They were shivering, which was unsurprising, given that their robes seemed to be made of fine silk, and none of them were wearing cloaks. A few of them had wrapped scarves and shawls around their heads. From what Harry could see of their faces (they were standing in Madame Maxime’s enormous shadow), they were staring up at Hogwarts with apprehensive looks on their faces.
‘’As Karkaroff arrived yet?’ Madame Maxime asked.
‘He should be here any moment,’ said Dumbledore. ‘Would you like to wait here and greet him or would you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle?’
‘Warm up, I think,’ said Madame Maxime. ‘But ze ’orses –’
‘Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be delighted to take care of them,’ said Dumbledore, ‘the moment he has returned from dealing with a slight situation which has arisen with some of his other – er – charges.’
‘Skrewts,’ Ron muttered to Harry, grinning.
‘My steeds require – er – forceful ’andling,’ said Madame Maxime, looking as though she doubted whether any Care of Magical Creatures teacher at Hogwarts could be up to the job. ‘Zey are very strong …’
‘I assure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job,’ said Dumbledore, smiling.
‘Very well,’ said Madame Maxime, bowing slightly, ‘will you please inform zis ’Agrid zat ze ’orses drink only single-malt whisky?’
‘It will be attended to,’ said Dumbledore, also bowing.
‘Come,’ said Madame Maxime imperiously to her students, and the Hogwarts crowd parted to allow her and her students to pass up the stone steps.
‘How big d’you reckon Durmstrang’s horses are going to be?’ Seamus Finnigan said, leaning around Lavender and Parvati to address Harry and Ron.
‘Well, if they’re any bigger than this lot, even Hagrid won’t be able to handle them,’ said Harry. ‘That’s if he hasn’t been attacked by his Skrewts. Wonder what’s up with them?’
‘Maybe they’ve escaped,’ said Ron hopefully.
‘Oh, don’t say that,’ said Hermione, with a shudder. ‘Imagine that lot loose in the grounds …’
They stood, shivering slightly now, waiting for the Durmstrang party to arrive. Most people were gazing hopefully up at the sky. For a few minutes, the silence was broken only by Madame Maxime’s huge horses snorting and stamping. But then –
‘Can you hear something?’ said Ron suddenly.
Harry listened; a loud and oddly eerie noise was drifting towards them from out of the darkness; a muffled rumbling and sucking sound, as though an immense vacuum cleaner was moving along a river-bed …
‘The lake!’ yelled Lee Jordan, pointing down at it. ‘Look at the lake!’
From their position at the top of the lawns overlooking the grounds, they had a clear view of the smooth black surface of the water – except that the surface was suddenly not smooth at all. Some disturbance was taking place deep in the centre; great bubbles were forming on the surface, waves were now washing over the muddy banks – and then, out in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if a giant plug had just been pulled out of the lake’s floor …
What seemed to be a long, black pole began to rise slowly out of the heart of the whirlpool … and then Harry saw the rigging …
‘It’s a mast!’ he said to Ron and Hermione.
Slowly, magnificently, the ship rose out of the water, gleaming in the moonlight. It had a strangely skeletal look about it, as though it was a resurrected wreck, and the dim, misty lights shimmering at its portholes looked like ghostly eyes. Finally, with a great sloshing noise, the ship emerged entirely, bobbing on the turbulent water, and began to glide towards the bank. A few moments later, they heard the splash of an anchor being thrown down in the shallows, and the thud of a plank being lowered onto the bank.
People were disembarking; they could see their silhouettes passing the lights in the ship’s portholes. All of them, Harry noticed, seemed to be built along the lines of Crabbe and Goyle … but then, as they drew nearer, walking up the lawns into the light streaming from the Entrance Hall, he saw that their bulk was really due to the fact that they were wearing cloaks of some kind of shaggy, matted fur. But the man who was leading them up to the castle was wearing furs of a different sort; sleek and silver, like his hair.
‘Dumbledore!’ he called heartily, as he walked up the slope. ‘How are you, my dear fellow, how are you?’
‘Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff,’ Dumbledore replied.
Karkaroff had a fruity, unctuous voice; when he stepped into the light pouring from the front doors of the castle, they saw that he was tall and thin like Dumbledore, but his white hair was short, and his goatee (finishing in a small curl) did not entirely hide his rather weak chin. When he reached Dumbledore, he shook hands with both of his own.
‘Dear old Hogwarts,’ he said, looking up at the castle and smiling; his teeth were rather yellow, and Harry noticed that his smile did not extend to his eyes, which remained cold and shrewd. ‘How good it is to be here, how good … Viktor, come along, into the warmth … you don’t mind, Dumbledore? Viktor has a slight head cold …’
Karkaroff beckoned forwards one of his students. As the boy passed, Harry caught a glimpse of a prominent, curved nose and thick black eyebrows. He didn’t need the punch on the arm Ron gave him, or the hiss in his ear, to recognise that profile.
‘Harry – it’s Krum!’
One of the best things about the aftermath of the second task was that everybody was very keen to hear details of what had happened down in the lake, which meant that for once Ron was getting to share Harry’s limelight. Harry noticed that Ron’s version of events changed subtly with every retelling. At first, he gave what seemed to be the truth; it tallied with Hermione’s story, anyway – Dumbledore had put all the hostages into a bewitched sleep in Professor McGonagall’s office, first assuring them that they would be quite safe, and would awake when they were back above the water. One week later, however, Ron was telling a thrilling tale of kidnap in which he struggled single-handedly against fifty heavily armed merpeople who had to beat him into submission before tying him up.
‘But I had my wand hidden up my sleeve,’ he assured Padma Patil, who seemed to be a lot keener on Ron now that he was getting so much attention, and was making a point of talking to him every time they passed in the corridors. ‘I could’ve taken those mer-idiots any time I wanted.’
‘What were you going to do, snore at them?’ said Hermione waspishly. People had been teasing her so much about being the thing that Viktor Krum would most miss that she was in a rather tetchy mood.
Ron’s ears went red, and he reverted thereafter to the bewitched-sleep version of events.
As they entered March the weather became drier, but cruel winds skinned their hands and faces every time they went out into the grounds. There were delays in the post because the owls kept being blown off course. The brown owl that Harry had sent to Sirius with the dates of the Hogsmeade weekend turned up at breakfast on Friday morning with half its feathers sticking up the wrong way; Harry had no sooner torn off Sirius’ reply than it took flight, clearly afraid it was going to be sent outside again.
Sirius’ letter was almost as short as the previous one.
 
Be at stile at end of road out of Hogsmeade (past Dervish & Banges) at two o’clock on Saturday afternoon. Bring as much food as you can.
 
‘He hasn’t come back to Hogsmeade?’ said Ron incredulously.
‘It looks like it, doesn’t it?’ said Hermione.
‘I can’t believe him,’ said Harry tensely. ‘If he’s caught …’
‘Made it so far, though, hasn’t he?’ said Ron. ‘And it’s not like the place is swarming with Dementors any more.’
Harry folded up the letter, thinking. If he was honest with himself, he really wanted to see Sirius again. He therefore approached the final lesson of the afternoon – double Potions – feeling considerably more cheerful than he usually did when descending the steps to the dungeons.
Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle were standing in a huddle outside the classroom door with Pansy Parkinson’s gang of Slytherin girls. All of them were looking at something Harry couldn’t see and sniggering heartily. Pansy’s pug-like face peered excitedly around Goyle’s broad back as Harry, Ron and Hermione approached.
‘There they are, there they are!’ she giggled, and the knot of Slytherins broke apart. Harry saw that Pansy had a magazine in her hands – Witch Weekly. The moving picture on the front showed a curly-haired witch who was smiling toothily and pointing at a large sponge cake with her wand.
‘You might find something to interest you in there, Granger!’ Pansy said loudly, and she threw the magazine at Hermione, who caught it, looking startled. At that moment, the dungeon door opened, and Snape beckoned them all inside.
Hermione, Harry and Ron headed for a table at the back of the dungeon as usual. Once Snape had turned his back on them to write up the ingredients of today’s potion on the blackboard, Hermione hastily riffled through the magazine under the desk. At last, in the centre pages, Hermione found what they were looking for. Harry and Ron leant in closer. A colour photograph of Harry headed a short piece entitled HARRY POTTER’S SECRET HEARTACHE:
 
A boy like no other, perhaps – yet a boy suffering all the usual pangs of adolescence, writes Rita Skeeter. Deprived of love since the tragic demise of his parents, fourteen-year-old Harry Potter thought he had found solace in his steady girlfriend at Hogwarts, Muggle-born Hermione Granger. Little did he know that he would shortly be suffering yet another emotional blow in a life already littered with personal loss.
Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to have a taste for famous wizards that Harry alone cannot satisfy. Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Viktor Krum, Bulgaria Seeker and hero of the last World Quidditch Cup, Miss Granger has been toying with both boys’ affections. Krum, who is openly smitten with the devious Miss Granger, has already invited her to visit him in Bulgaria over the summer holidays, and insists that he has ‘never felt this way about any other girl’.
However, it might not be Miss Granger’s doubtful natural charms which have captured these unfortunate boys’ interest.
‘She’s really ugly,’ says Pansy Parkinson, a pretty and vivacious fourth-year student, ‘but she’d be well up to making a Love Potion, she’s quite brainy. I think that’s how she’s doing it.’
Love Potions are of course banned at Hogwarts, and no doubt Albus Dumbledore will want to investigate these claims. In the meantime, Harry Potter’s well-wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his heart upon a worthier candidate.
 
‘I told you!’ Ron hissed at Hermione, as she stared down at the article. ‘I told you not to annoy Rita Skeeter! She’s made you out to be some sort of – of scarlet woman!’
Hermione stopped looking astonished and snorted with laughter.
‘Scarlet woman?’ she repeated, shaking with suppressed giggles as she looked round at Ron.
‘It’s what my mum calls them,’ Ron muttered, his ears going red again.
‘If that’s the best Rita can do, she’s losing her touch,’ said Hermione, still giggling, as she threw Witch Weekly onto the empty chair beside her. ‘What a pile of old rubbish.’
She looked over at the Slytherins, who were all watching her and Harry closely across the room to see if they had been upset by the article. Hermione gave them a sarcastic smile and a wave, and she, Harry and Ron started unpacking the ingredients they would need for their Wit-Sharpening Potion.
‘There’s something funny, though,’ said Hermione ten minutes later, holding her pestle suspended over a bowl of scarab beetles. ‘How could Rita Skeeter have known …?’
‘Known what?’ said Ron quickly. ‘You haven’t been mixing up Love Potions, have you?’
‘Don’t be stupid,’ Hermione snapped, starting to pound up her beetles again. ‘No, it’s just … how did she know Viktor asked me to visit him over the summer?’
Hermione blushed scarlet as she said this, and determinedly avoided Ron’s eyes.
‘What?’ said Ron, dropping his pestle with a loud clunk.
‘He asked me right after he’d pulled me out of the lake,’ Hermione muttered. ‘After he’d got rid of his shark’s head. Madam Pomfrey gave us both blankets and then he sort of pulled me away from the judges so they wouldn’t hear, and he said, if I wasn’t doing anything over the summer, would I like to –’
‘And what did you say?’ said Ron, who had picked up his pestle and was grinding it on the desk, a good six inches from his bowl, because he was looking at Hermione.
‘And he did say he’d never felt the same way about anyone else,’ Hermione went on, going so red now that Harry could almost feel the heat coming from her, ‘but how could Rita Skeeter have heard him? She wasn’t there … or was she? Maybe she has got an Invisibility Cloak, maybe she sneaked into the grounds to watch the second task …’
‘And what did you say?’ Ron repeated, pounding his pestle down so hard that it dented the desk.
‘Well, I was too busy seeing whether you and Harry were OK to –’
‘Fascinating though your social life undoubtedly is, Miss Granger,’ said an icy voice right behind them, ‘I must ask you not to discuss it in my class. Ten points from Gryffindor.’
Snape had glided over to their desk while they had been talking. The whole class was now looking around at them; Malfoy took the opportunity to flash POTTER STINKS across the dungeon at Harry.
‘Ah … reading magazines under the table as well?’ Snape added, snatching up the copy of Witch Weekly. ‘A further ten points from Gryffindor … oh, but of course …’ Snape’s black eyes glittered as they fell on Rita Skeeter’s article. ‘Potter has to keep up with his press cuttings …’
The dungeon rang with the Slytherins’ laughter, and an unpleasant smile curled Snape’s thin mouth. To Harry’s fury, he began to read the article aloud.
‘ Harry Potter’s Secret Heartache … dear, dear, Potter, what’s ailing you now? A boy like no other, perhaps …’
Harry could feel his face burning now. Snape was pausing at the end of every sentence to allow the Slytherins a hearty laugh. The article sounded ten times worse when read by Snape.
‘ … Harry Potter’s well-wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his heart upon a worthier candidate. How very touching,’ sneered Snape, rolling up the magazine to continued gales of laughter from the Slytherins. ‘Well, I think I had better separate the three of you, so you can keep your minds on your potions rather than your tangled love lives. Weasley, you stay here. Miss Granger, over there, beside Miss Parkinson. Potter – that table in front of my desk. Move. Now.’
Furious, Harry threw his ingredients and his bag into his cauldron, and dragged it up to the front of the dungeon to the empty table. Snape followed, sat down at his desk and watched Harry unload his cauldron. Determined not to look at Snape, Harry resumed the mashing of his scarab beetles, imagining each one to have Snape’s face.
‘All this press attention seems to have inflated your already overlarge head, Potter,’ said Snape quietly, once the rest of the class had settled down again.
Harry didn’t answer. He knew Snape was trying to provoke him; he had done this before. No doubt he was hoping for an excuse to take a round fifty points from Gryffindor before the end of the class.
‘You might be labouring under the delusion that the entire wizarding world is impressed with you,’ Snape went on, so quietly that no one else could hear him (Harry continued to pound his scarab beetles, even though he had already reduced them to a very fine powder), ‘but I don’t care how many times your picture appears in the papers. To me, Potter, you are nothing but a nasty little boy who considers rules to be beneath him.’
Harry tipped the powdered beetles into his cauldron and started cutting up his ginger roots. His hands were shaking slightly out of anger, but he kept his eyes down, as though he couldn’t hear what Snape was saying to him.
‘So I give you fair warning, Potter,’ Snape continued, in a softer and more dangerous voice, ‘pint-sized celebrity or not – if I catch you breaking into my office one more time –’
‘I haven’t been anywhere near your office!’ said Harry angrily, forgetting his feigned deafness.
‘Don’t lie to me,’ Snape hissed, his fathomless black eyes boring into Harry’s. ‘Boomslang skin. Gillyweed. Both come from my private stores, and I know who stole them.’
Harry stared back at Snape, determined not to blink, or to look guilty. In truth, he hadn’t stolen either of these things from Snape. Hermione had taken the Boomslang skin back in their second year – they had needed it for the Polyjuice Potion – and while Snape had suspected Harry at the time, he had never been able to prove it. Dobby, of course, had stolen the Gillyweed.
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about,’ Harry lied coldly.
‘You were out of bed on the night my office was broken into!’ Snape hissed. ‘I know it, Potter! Now, Mad-Eye Moody might have joined your fan club, but I will not tolerate your behaviour! One more night-time stroll into my office, Potter, and you will pay!’
‘Right,’ said Harry coolly, turning back to his ginger roots, ‘I’ll bear that in mind if I ever get the urge to go in there.’
Snape’s eyes flashed. He plunged a hand into the inside of his black robes. For one wild moment, Harry thought Snape was about to pull out his wand and curse him – then he saw that Snape had drawn out a small crystal bottle of a completely clear potion. Harry stared at it.
‘Do you know what this is, Potter?’ Snape said, his eyes glittering dangerously again.
‘No,’ said Harry, completely honestly this time.
‘It is Veritaserum – a Truth Potion so powerful that three drops would have you spilling your innermost secrets for this entire class to hear,’ said Snape viciously. ‘Now, the use of this Potion is controlled by very strict Ministry guidelines. But unless you watch your step, you might just find that my hand slips –’ he shook the crystal bottle slightly ‘– right over your evening pumpkin juice. And then, Potter … then we’ll find out whether you’ve been in my office or not.’
Harry said nothing. He turned back to his ginger roots once more, picked up his knife and started slicing them again. He didn’t like the sound of that Truth Potion at all, and nor would he put it past Snape to slip him some. He repressed a shudder at the thought of what might come spilling out of his mouth if Snape did … quite apart from landing a whole lot of people in trouble – Hermione and Dobby, for a start – there were all the other things he was concealing … like the fact that he was in contact with Sirius … and – his insides squirmed at the thought – how he felt about Cho … He tipped his ginger roots into the cauldron too, and wondered whether he ought to take a leaf out of Moody’s book and start drinking only from a private hip-flask.
There was a knock on the dungeon door.
‘Enter,’ said Snape, in his usual voice.
The class looked around as the door opened. Professor Karkaroff came in. Everyone watched him as he walked up towards Snape’s desk. He was twisting his finger around his goatee again, and looking agitated.
‘We need to talk,’ said Karkaroff abruptly, when he had reached Snape. He seemed so determined that nobody should hear what he was saying that he was barely opening his lips; it was as though he was a rather poor ventriloquist. Harry kept his eyes on his ginger roots, listening hard.
‘I’ll talk to you after my lesson, Karkaroff –’ Snape muttered, but Karkaroff interrupted him.
‘I want to talk now, while you can’t slip off, Severus. You’ve been avoiding me.’
‘After the lesson,’ Snape snapped.
Under the pretext of holding up a measuring cup to see if he’d poured out enough armadillo bile, Harry sneaked a sidelong glance at the pair of them. Karkaroff looked extremely worried, and Snape looked angry.
Karkaroff hovered behind Snape’s desk for the rest of the double period. He seemed intent on preventing Snape slipping away at the end of class. Keen to hear what Karkaroff wanted to say, Harry deliberately knocked over his bottle of armadillo bile with two minutes to go to the bell, which gave him an excuse to duck down behind his cauldron and mop up while the rest of the class moved noisily towards the door.
‘What’s so urgent?’ he heard Snape hiss at Karkaroff.
‘This,’ said Karkaroff, and Harry, peering around the edge of his cauldron, saw Karkaroff pull up the left-hand sleeve of his robe, and show Snape something on his inner forearm.
‘Well?’ said Karkaroff, still making every effort not to move his lips. ‘Do you see? It’s never been this clear, never since –’
‘Put it away!’ snarled Snape, his black eyes sweeping the classroom.
‘But you must have noticed –’ Karkaroff began in an agitated voice.
‘We can talk later, Karkaroff!’ spat Snape. ‘Potter! What are you doing?’
‘Clearing up my armadillo bile, Professor,’ said Harry innocently, straightening up and showing Snape the sodden rag he was holding.
Karkaroff turned on his heel and strode out of the dungeon. He looked both worried and angry. Not wanting to remain alone with an exceptionally angry Snape, Harry threw his books and ingredients back into his bag, and left at top speed to tell Ron and Hermione what he had just witnessed.
*
They left the castle at noon the next day to find a weak silver sun shining down upon the grounds. The weather was milder than it had been all year, and by the time they arrived in Hogsmeade, all three of them had taken off their cloaks and thrown them over their shoulders. The food Sirius had told them to bring was in Harry’s bag; they had sneaked a dozen chicken legs, a loaf of bread and a flask of pumpkin juice from the lunch table.
They went into Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a present for Dobby, where they had fun selecting all the most lurid socks they could find, including a pair patterned with flashing gold and silver stars, and another that screamed loudly when they became too smelly. Then, at half past one, they made their way up the High Street, past Dervish and Banges, and out towards the edge of the village.
Harry had never been in this direction before. The winding lane was leading them out into the wild countryside around Hogsmeade. The cottages were fewer here, and their gardens larger; they were walking towards the foot of the mountain in whose shadow Hogsmeade lay. Then they turned a corner, and saw a stile at the end of the lane. Waiting for them, its front paws on the topmost bar, was a very large, shaggy black dog, which was carrying some newspapers in its mouth, and looked very familiar …
‘Hello, Sirius,’ said Harry, when they had reached him.
The black dog sniffed Harry’s bag eagerly, wagged its tail once, then turned, and began to trot away from them across the scrubby patch of ground which rose to meet the rocky foot of the mountain. Harry, Ron and Hermione climbed over the stile and followed.
Sirius led them to the very foot of the mountain, where the ground was covered with boulders and rocks. It was easy for him, with his four paws, but Harry, Ron and Hermione were soon out of breath. They followed Sirius higher, up onto the mountain itself. For nearly half an hour they climbed a steep, winding and stony path, following Sirius’ wagging tail, sweating in the sun, the shoulder straps of Harry’s bag cutting into his shoulders.
Then, at last, Sirius slipped out of sight, and when they reached the place where he had vanished, they saw a narrow fissure in the rock. They squeezed into it, and found themselves in a cool, dimly lit cave. Tethered at the end of it, one end of his rope around a large rock, was Buckbeak the Hippogriff. Half-grey horse, half-giant eagle, Buckbeak’s fierce orange eye flashed at the sight of them. All three of them bowed low to him, and after regarding them imperiously for a moment, Buckbeak bent his scaly front knees, and allowed Hermione to rush forward and stroke his feathery neck. Harry, however, was looking at the black dog, which had just turned into his godfather.
Sirius was wearing ragged grey robes; the same ones he had been wearing when he had left Azkaban. His black hair was longer than it had been when he had appeared in the fire, and it was untidy and matted once more. He looked very thin.
‘Chicken!’ he said hoarsely, after removing the old Daily Prophets from his mouth and throwing them down onto the cave floor.
Harry pulled open his bag and handed over the bundle of chicken legs and bread.
‘Thanks,’ said Sirius, opening it, grabbing a drumstick, sitting down on the cave floor and tearing off a large chunk with his teeth. ‘I’ve been living off rats mostly. Can’t steal too much food from Hogsmeade; I’d draw attention to myself.’
He grinned up at Harry, but Harry returned the grin only reluctantly.
‘What’re you doing here, Sirius?’ he said.
‘Fulfilling my duty as godfather,’ said Sirius, gnawing on the chicken bone in a very dog-like way. ‘Don’t worry about me, I’m pretending to be a loveable stray.’
He was still grinning, but seeing the anxiety in Harry’s face, said more seriously, ‘I want to be on the spot. Your last letter … well, let’s just say things are getting fishier. I’ve been stealing the paper every time someone throws one out, and by the looks of things, I’m not the only one who’s getting worried.’
He nodded at the yellowing Daily Prophets on the cave floor, and Ron picked them up and unfolded them.
Harry, however, continued to stare at Sirius. ‘What if they catch you? What if you’re seen?’
‘You three and Dumbledore are the only ones round here who know I’m an Animagus,’ said Sirius, shrugging, and continuing to devour the chicken leg.
Ron nudged Harry, and passed him the Daily Prophets. There were two; the first bore the headline Mystery Illness of Bartemius Crouch, the second, Ministry Witch Still Missing – Minister for Magic Now Personally Involved.
Harry looked down the story about Crouch. Phrases jumped out at him: hasn’t been seen in public since November … house appears deserted … St Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies decline comment … Ministry refuses to confirm rumours of critical illness …
‘They’re making it sound like he’s dying,’ said Harry slowly. ‘But he can’t be that ill if he managed to get up here …’
‘My brother’s Crouch’s personal assistant,’ Ron informed Sirius. ‘He says Crouch is suffering from overwork.’
‘Mind you, he did look ill, last time I saw him up close,’ said Harry slowly, still reading the story. ‘The night my name came out of the Goblet …’
‘Getting his comeuppance for sacking Winky, isn’t he?’ said Hermione coldly. She was stroking Buckbeak, who was crunching up Sirius’ chicken bones. ‘I bet he wishes he hadn’t done it now – bet he feels the difference now she’s not there to look after him.’
‘Hermione’s obsessed with house-elves,’ Ron muttered to Sirius, casting Hermione a dark look.
Sirius, however, looked interested. ‘Crouch sacked his house-elf?’
‘Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup,’ said Harry, and he launched into the story of the Dark Mark’s appearance, and Winky being found with Harry’s wand clutched in her hand, and Mr Crouch’s fury.
When Harry had finished, Sirius was on his feet again, and had started pacing up and down the cave. ‘Let me get this straight,’ he said after a while, brandishing a fresh chicken leg. ‘You first saw the elf in the Top Box. She was saving Crouch a seat, right?’
‘Right,’ said Harry, Ron and Hermione together.
‘But Crouch didn’t turn up for the match?’
‘No,’ said Harry. ‘I think he said he’d been too busy.’
Sirius paced all around the cave in silence. Then he said, ‘Harry, did you check your pockets for your wand after you’d left the Top Box?’
‘Erm …’ Harry thought hard. ‘No,’ he said finally. ‘I didn’t need to use it before we got in the forest. And then I put my hand in my pocket, and all that was in there were my Omnioculars.’ He stared at Sirius. ‘Are you saying whoever conjured the Mark stole my wand in the Top Box?’
‘It’s possible,’ said Sirius.
‘Winky didn’t steal that wand!’ said Hermione shrilly.
‘The elf wasn’t the only one in that box,’ said Sirius, his brow furrowed as he continued to pace. ‘Who else was sitting behind you?’
‘Loads of people,’ said Harry. ‘Some Bulgarian ministers … Cornelius Fudge … the Malfoys …’
‘The Malfoys!’ said Ron suddenly, so loudly that his voice echoed all around the cave, and Buckbeak tossed his head nervously. ‘I bet it was Lucius Malfoy!’
‘Anyone else?’ said Sirius.
‘No one,’ said Harry.
‘Yes, there was, there was Ludo Bagman,’ Hermione reminded him.
‘Oh, yeah …’
‘I don’t know anything about Bagman, except that he used to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps,’ said Sirius, still pacing. ‘What’s he like?’
‘He’s OK,’ said Harry. ‘He keeps offering to help me with the Triwizard Tournament.’
‘Does he, now?’ said Sirius, frowning more deeply. ‘I wonder why he’d do that?’
‘Says he’s taken a liking to me,’ said Harry.
‘Hmm,’ said Sirius, looking thoughtful.
‘We saw him in the forest just before the Dark Mark appeared,’ Hermione told Sirius. ‘Remember?’ she said to Harry and Ron.
‘Yeah, but he didn’t stay in the forest, did he?’ said Ron. ‘The moment we told him about the riot, he went off to the campsite.’
‘How d’you know?’ Hermione shot back. ‘How d’you know where he Disapparated to?’
‘Come off it,’ said Ron incredulously, ‘are you saying you reckon Ludo Bagman conjured the Dark Mark?’
‘It’s more likely he did it than Winky,’ said Hermione stubbornly.
‘Told you,’ said Ron, looking meaningfully at Sirius, ‘told you she’s obsessed with house–’
But Sirius held up a hand to silence Ron. ‘When the Dark Mark had been conjured, and the elf had been discovered holding Harry’s wand, what did Crouch do?’
‘Went to look in the bushes,’ said Harry, ‘but there wasn’t anyone else there.’
‘Of course,’ Sirius muttered, pacing up and down, ‘of course, he’d want to pin it on anyone but his own elf … and then he sacked her?’
‘Yes,’ said Hermione in a heated voice, ‘he sacked her, just because she hadn’t stayed in her tent and let herself get trampled –’
‘Hermione, will you give it a rest with the elf!’ said Ron.
But Sirius shook his head and said, ‘She’s got the measure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.’
He ran a hand over his unshaven face, evidently thinking hard. ‘All these absences of Barty Crouch’s … he goes to the trouble of making sure his house-elf saves him a seat at the Quidditch World Cup, but doesn’t bother to turn up and watch. He works very hard to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament, and then stops coming to that, too … it’s not like Crouch. If he’s ever taken a day off work because of illness before this, I’ll eat Buckbeak.’
‘D’you know Crouch, then?’ said Harry.
Sirius’ face darkened. He suddenly looked as menacing as the night when Harry had first met him, the night when Harry had still believed Sirius to be a murderer.
‘Oh, I know Crouch all right,’ he said quietly. ‘He was the one who gave the order for me to be sent to Azkaban – without a trial.’
‘What?’ said Ron and Hermione together.
‘You’re kidding!’ said Harry.
‘No, I’m not,’ said Sirius, taking another great bite of chicken. ‘Crouch used to be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, didn’t you know?’
Harry, Ron and Hermione shook their heads.
‘He was tipped as the next Minister for Magic,’ said Sirius. ‘He’s a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully magical – and power-hungry. Oh, never a Voldemort supporter,’ he said, reading the look on Harry’s face. ‘No, Barty Crouch was always very outspoken against the Dark side. But then a lot of people who were against the Dark side … well, you wouldn’t understand … you’re too young …’
‘That’s what my dad said at the World Cup,’ said Ron, with a trace of irritation in his voice. ‘Try us, why don’t you?’
A grin flashed across Sirius’ thin face. ‘All right, I’ll try you…’
He walked once up the cave, back again, and then said, ‘Imagine that Voldemort’s powerful now. You don’t know who his supporters are, you don’t know who’s working for him and who isn’t; you know he can control people so that they do terrible things without being able to stop themselves. You’re scared for yourself, and your family, and your friends. Every week, news comes of more deaths, more disappearances, more torturing … the Ministry of Magic’s in disarray, they don’t know what to do, they’re trying to keep everything hidden from the Muggles, but meanwhile, Muggles are dying too. Terror everywhere … panic … confusion … that’s how it used to be.
‘Well, times like that bring out the best in some people, and the worst in others. Crouch’s principles might’ve been good in the beginning – I wouldn’t know. He rose quickly through the Ministry, and he started ordering very harsh measures against Voldemort’s supporters. The Aurors were given new powers – powers to kill rather than capture, for instance. And I wasn’t the only one who was handed straight to the Dementors without trial. Crouch fought violence with violence, and authorised the use of the Unforgivable Curses against suspects. I would say he became as ruthless and cruel as many on the Dark side. He had his supporters, mind you – plenty of people thought he was going about things the right way, and there were a lot of witches and wizards clamouring for him to take over as Minister for Magic. When Voldemort disappeared, it looked like only a matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But then something rather unfortunate happened …’ Sirius smiled grimly. ‘Crouch’s own son was caught with a group of Death Eaters who’d managed to talk their way out of Azkaban. Apparently they were trying to find Voldemort and return him to power.’
‘Crouch’s son was caught?’ gasped Hermione.
‘Yep,’ said Sirius, throwing his chicken bone to Buckbeak, and flinging himself back down on the ground beside the loaf of bread, and tearing it in half. ‘Nasty little shock for old Barty, I’d imagine. Should have spent a bit more time at home with his family, shouldn’t he? Ought to have left the office early once in a while … got to know his own son.’
He began to wolf down large pieces of bread.
‘Was his son a Death Eater?’ said Harry.
‘No idea,’ said Sirius, still stuffing down bread. ‘I was in Azkaban myself when he was brought in. This is mostly stuff I’ve found out since I got out. The boy was definitely caught in the company of people I’d bet my life were Death Eaters – but he might have been in the wrong place at the wrong time, just like the house-elf.’
‘Did Crouch try and get his son off?’ Hermione whispered.
Sirius let out a laugh that was much more like a bark. ‘Crouch let his son off? I thought you had the measure of him, Hermione? Anything that threatened to tarnish his reputation had to go, he had dedicated his whole life to becoming Minister for Magic. You saw him dismiss a devoted house-elf because she associated him with the Dark Mark again – doesn’t that tell you what he’s like? Crouch’s fatherly affection stretched just far enough to give his son a trial and, by all accounts, it wasn’t much more than an excuse for Crouch to show how much he hated the boy … then he sent him straight to Azkaban.’
‘He gave his own son to the Dementors?’ asked Harry quietly.
‘That’s right,’ said Sirius, and he didn’t look remotely amused now. ‘I saw the Dementors bringing him in, watched them through the bars in my cell door. He can’t have been more than nineteen. They took him into a cell near mine. He was screaming for his mother by nightfall. He went quiet after a few days, though … they all went quiet in the end … except when they shrieked in their sleep …’
For a moment, the deadened look in Sirius’ eyes became more pronounced than ever, as though shutters had closed behind them.
‘So he’s still in Azkaban?’ Harry said.
‘No,’ said Sirius dully. ‘No, he’s not in there any more. He died about a year after they brought him in.’
‘He died?’
‘He wasn’t the only one,’ said Sirius bitterly. ‘Most go mad in there, and plenty stop eating in the end. They lose the will to live. You could always tell when a death was coming, because the Dementors could sense it, they got excited. That boy looked pretty sickly when he arrived. Crouch being an important Ministry member, he and his wife were allowed a deathbed visit. That was the last time I saw Barty Crouch, half carrying his wife past my cell. She died herself, apparently, shortly afterwards. Grief. Wasted away just like the boy. Crouch never came for his son’s body. The Dementors buried him outside the fortress, I watched them do it.’
Sirius threw aside the bread he had just lifted to his mouth, and instead picked up the flask of pumpkin juice and drained it.
‘So old Crouch lost it all, just when he thought he had it made,’ he continued, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. ‘One moment, a hero, poised to become Minister for Magic … next, his son dead, his wife dead, the family name dishonoured, and, so I’ve heard since I escaped, a big drop in popularity. Once the boy had died, people started feeling a bit more sympathetic towards him, and started asking how a nice young lad from a good family had gone so badly astray. The conclusion was that his father never cared much for him. So Cornelius Fudge got the top job, and Crouch was shunted sideways into the Department of International Magical Co-operation.’
There was a long silence. Harry was thinking of the way Crouch’s eyes had bulged as he’d looked down at his disobedient house-elf back in the wood at the Quidditch World Cup. This, then, must have been why Crouch had overreacted to Winky being found beneath the Dark Mark. It had brought back memories of his son, and the old scandal, and his fall from grace at the Ministry.
‘Moody says Crouch is obsessed with catching Dark wizards,’ Harry told Sirius.
‘Yeah, I’ve heard it’s become a bit of a mania with him,’ said Sirius, nodding. ‘If you ask me, he still thinks he can bring back the old popularity by catching one more Death Eater.’
‘And he sneaked up here to search Snape’s office!’ said Ron triumphantly, looking at Hermione.
‘Yes, and that doesn’t make sense at all,’ said Sirius.
‘Yeah, it does!’ said Ron excitedly.
But Sirius shook his head. ‘Listen, if Crouch wants to investigate Snape, why hasn’t he been coming to judge the Tournament? It would be an ideal excuse to make regular visits to Hogwarts and keep an eye on him.’
‘So you think Snape could be up to something, then?’ asked Harry, but Hermione broke in.
‘Look, I don’t care what you say, Dumbledore trusts Snape –’
‘Oh, come off it, Hermione,’ said Ron impatiently, ‘I know Dumbledore’s brilliant and everything, but that doesn’t mean a really clever Dark wizard couldn’t fool him –’
‘Why did Snape save Harry’s life in the first year, then? Why didn’t he just let him die?’
‘I dunno – maybe he thought Dumbledore would kick him out –’
‘What d’you think, Sirius?’ Harry said loudly, and Ron and Hermione stopped bickering to listen.
‘I think they’ve both got a point,’ said Sirius, looking thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione. ‘Ever since I found out Snape was teaching here, I’ve wondered why Dumbledore hired him. Snape’s always been fascinated by the Dark Arts, he was famous for it at school. Slimy, oily, greasy-haired kid, he was,’ Sirius added, and Harry and Ron grinned at each other. ‘Snape knew more curses when he arrived at school than half the kids in seventh year and he was part of a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turned out to be Death Eaters.’
Sirius held up his fingers, and began ticking off names. ‘Rosier and Wilkes – they were both killed by Aurors the year before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges – they’re a married couple – they’re in Azkaban. Avery – from what I’ve heard he wormed his way out of trouble by saying he’d been acting under the Imperius Curse – he’s still at large. But as far as I know, Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater – not that that means much. Plenty of them were never caught. And Snape’s certainly clever and cunning enough to keep himself out of trouble.’
‘Snape knows Karkaroff pretty well, but he wants to keep that quiet,’ said Ron.
‘Yeah, you should’ve seen Snape’s face when Karkaroff turned up in Potions yesterday!’ said Harry quickly. ‘Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape, he says Snape’s been avoiding him. Karkaroff looked really worried. He showed Snape something on his arm, but I couldn’t see what it was.’
‘He showed Snape something on his arm?’ said Sirius, looking frankly bewildered. He ran his fingers distractedly through his filthy hair, then shrugged again. ‘Well, I’ve no idea what that’s about … but if Karkaroff’s genuinely worried, and he’s going to Snape for answers …’
Sirius stared at the cave wall, then made a grimace of frustration. ‘There’s still the fact that Dumbledore trusts Snape, and I know Dumbledore trusts where a lot of other people wouldn’t, but I just can’t see him letting Snape teach at Hogwarts if he’d ever worked for Voldemort.’
‘Why are Moody and Crouch so keen to get into Snape’s office, then?’ said Ron stubbornly.
‘Well,’ said Sirius slowly, ‘I wouldn’t put it past Mad-Eye to have searched every single teacher’s office when he got to Hogwarts. He takes his Defence Against the Dark Arts seriously, Moody. I’m not sure he trusts anyone at all, and after the things he’s seen, it’s not surprising. I’ll say this for Moody, though, he never killed if he could help it. Always brought people in alive where possible. He was tough, but he never descended to the level of the Death Eaters. Crouch, though … he’s a different matter … is he really ill? If he is, why did he make the effort to drag himself up to Snape’s office? And if he’s not … what’s he up to? What was he doing at the World Cup that was so important he didn’t turn up in the Top Box? What’s he been doing while he should have been judging the Tournament?’
Sirius lapsed into silence, still staring at the cave wall. Buckbeak was ferreting around on the rocky floor, searching for bones he might have overlooked.
Finally, Sirius looked up at Ron. ‘You say your brother’s Crouch’s personal assistant? Any chance you could ask him if he’s seen Crouch lately?’
‘I can try,’ said Ron doubtfully. ‘Better not make it sound like I reckon Crouch is up to anything dodgy, though. Percy loves Crouch.’
‘And you might try and find out whether they’ve got any leads on Bertha Jorkins while you’re at it,’ said Sirius, gesturing at the second copy of the Daily Prophet.
‘Bagman told me they hadn’t,’ said Harry.
‘Yes, he’s quoted in the article in there,’ said Sirius, nodding at the paper. ‘Blustering on about how bad Bertha’s memory is. Well, maybe she’s changed since I knew her, but the Bertha I knew wasn’t forgetful at all – quite the reverse. She was a bit dim, but she had an excellent memory for gossip. It used to get her into a lot of trouble, she never knew when to keep her mouth shut. I can see her being a bit of a liability at the Ministry of Magic … maybe that’s why Bagman didn’t bother to look for her for so long …’
Sirius heaved an enormous sigh and rubbed his shadowed eyes. ‘What’s the time?’
Harry checked his watch, then remembered it hadn’t been working since it had spent an hour in the lake.
‘It’s half past three,’ said Hermione.
‘You’d better get back to school,’ Sirius said, getting to his feet. ‘Now, listen …’ he looked particularly hard at Harry – ‘I don’t want you lot sneaking out of school to see me, all right? Just send notes to me here. I still want to hear about anything odd. But you’re not to go leaving Hogwarts without permission, it would be an ideal opportunity for someone to attack you.’
‘No one’s tried to attack me so far, except a dragon and a couple of Grindylows,’ Harry said.
But Sirius scowled at him. ‘I don’t care … I’ll breathe freely again when this Tournament’s over, and that’s not until June. And don’t forget, if you’re talking about me among yourselves, call me Snuffles, OK?’
He handed Harry the empty napkin and flask, and went to pat Buckbeak goodbye. ‘I’ll walk to the edge of the village with you,’ said Sirius, ‘see if I can scrounge another paper.’
He transformed into the great black dog before they left the cave, and they walked back down the mountainside with him, across the boulder-strewn ground, and back to the stile. Here he allowed each of them to pat him on the head, before turning and setting off at a run around the outskirts of the village.
Harry, Ron and Hermione made their way back into Hogsmeade, and up towards Hogwarts.
‘Wonder if Percy knows all that stuff about Crouch?’ Ron said, as they walked up the drive to the castle. ‘But maybe he doesn’t care … it’d probably just make him admire Crouch even more. Yeah, Percy loves rules. He’d just say Crouch was refusing to break them for his own son.’
‘Percy would never throw any of his family to the Dementors,’ said Hermione severely.
‘I don’t know,’ said Ron. ‘If he thought we were standing in the way of his career … Percy’s really ambitious, you know …’
They walked up the stone steps into the Entrance Hall, where the delicious smells of dinner wafted towards them from the Great Hall.
‘Poor old Snuffles,’ said Ron, breathing deeply. ‘He must really like you, Harry … imagine having to live off rats.’
The war had finally ended, but Cecilia Rosa and Cecilia Blanca were now about to learn that an end to fighting was not at all the same thing as good order and peace; the effects of a war did not cease overnight. Even though a war ended when the last men fell on the battlefield, that did not mean instant happiness and serenity, even for the side that had won.
One night during the second month after the battle on the fields of blood outside Bjälbo, when the first autumn storms were lashing at the windows and shingled roof of Gudhem, a group of riders arrived. With great haste the men removed five of the maidens from the Sverker clan who were among the novices. It was whispered that they would be fleeing to relatives in Denmark. A few days later three new maidens belonging to families defeated in the war arrived to seek the serenity of the Gudhem cloister, which was beyond the reach of the victorious Folkungs and Eriks.
With them they brought tidings about what was happening in the outside world. When the last Sverker maiden arrived, everyone at Gudhem found out that King Knut Eriksson, as he was now called, had ridden into Linköping itself with his jarl Birger Brosa to accept the surrender of the town and confirm the peace that now prevailed, in accordance with his terms.
For the two Cecilias this was cause for great joy. Cecilia Blanca’s betrothed was now actually the king. And the uncle of Cecilia Rosa’s beloved Arn was now jarl. All power in the kingdom was now in their hands, at least all worldly power. However, there was still one big black cloud in this bright sky, because they’d had no word whether King Knut had any intention of bringing his betrothed, Cecilia Ulvsdotter, home from Gudhem.
In the world of the men, nothing was ever certain. A betrothal could be broken because a man had lost in war, just as it could be broken if he was victorious. In the men’s struggle for power, anything was possible. The winning clans might now want to bind themselves tighter together through marriage, but it was also possible that they would have the notion of marrying into the losing side so as to seal the peace. This uncertainty consumed Cecilia Blanca, but the situation also meant that she did not assume victory in advance. She directed no harsh words to the unfortunate sisters who belonged to the losing side, and Cecilia Rosa followed her lead.
The behavior of the two Cecilias had a good and healing effect on the emotions prevailing inside Gudhem; Mother Rikissa, who was sometimes wiser than the two Cecilias suspected, viewed this as an opportunity to quell blood that was much too hot. She decided to relax the rules for conversing by the stone benches at the northern end of the arcade. Previously the silence rule had only been relaxed at the reading hours and when reciting the few writings at Gudhem, or during edifying discourses on sin and punishment when the worldly maidens were to be schooled there. But now Mother Rikissa invited Fru Helena Stenkilsdotter several times during the late summer to these discussions in order to learn what she knew about the struggle for power—and she knew a good deal. She knew even more about how women should react to such matters.
Fru Helena was not merely wealthy and of royal lineage. She had lived her life under five or six kings, three husbands, and many wars. What she didn’t know about a woman’s lot was not worth knowing.
Chiefly she impressed on them how important it was for women to learn to stick together to the very last. A woman who chose her adversaries and friends based on the shifting fortunes of men at war would end up alone in life with nothing but enemies. As delightful as it was to belong to the side that was victorious in war, it was equally miserable to be on the losing side. But if a woman lived long enough, as Fru Helena herself had done—and she hoped to God this would also be granted to the maidens now listening to her—then she would experience both sweet victory and the black feeling of defeat many times in her life.
And if women had only had the wit to stick together more steadfastly in this world, how many unnecessary wars could then have been prevented? And if women hated one another without having any sensible reasons for doing so, how much unnecessary death would that not promote?
“For let us play freely with the idea that anything at all might happen, which is often the case,” she said. “We shall imagine that you, Cecilia Blanca Ulvsdotter, will become King Knut’s queen. And we shall imagine that you, Helena Sverkersdotter, in the near future will drink the bridal ale with one of blessed King Sverker’s kinsmen in Denmark. So, which of you two now wants war? Which of you wants peace? What would it mean if you had hated each other ever since the brief years of your youth at Gudhem? What would it mean if instead you were friends ever since that time? I shall tell you: it means the difference between life and death for many of your kinsfolk, and it can mean the difference between war and peace.”
She paused, breathing heavily as she shifted position on her chair and fixed her little red eyes on her young listeners, who were sitting bolt upright, not showing any sign of comprehending. They neither agreed with nor opposed her words. Not even Cecilia Blanca revealed what she was thinking, even though she knew the least that Helena Sverkersdotter would suffer would be three times the number of blows with the scourge that she had dealt out.
“You look like geese, all of you,” Fru Helena went on after a moment. “You think that I’m only preaching the Gospel to you. One must act peaceably; anger and hatred are deadly sins. You must forgive your enemies, as they in turn must forgive you; you must turn the other cheek, and all the other admonitions we try to pound into your small, empty heads here at Gudhem. But it’s not that simple, my young friends and sisters. For you don’t believe that you have any power of your own—you think that all power resides in the hilt of a sword and the point of a lance, but in this you have made a fundamental mistake. That’s why you run across the courtyard like a flock of geese, first in one direction, then the other; first one maiden is your enemy, then someone else. No man in his right wits—and may the Virgin Mary hold her protective hand over you so that you all may wed such men—can refrain from listening to his wife, the mother of his children and the mistress of his home. Girls of your young age might simply believe that this applies only to trivial matters, but it is true in large matters as well as small. You must not go out into the world as silly little geese; you must go out in possession of your own free, strong will, precisely as the Scriptures prescribe, and do something good instead of something evil with that free will. Just as men do, you decide over life and death, peace and war, and it would be a great sin if you shirked that responsibility out there in life.”
Fru Helena signaled that she was tired, and because she looked very ill with her constantly running eyes, two sisters stepped forward to lead her back to her house outside the walls. But a flock of maidens with their thoughts aflame stayed behind, not saying a word and without looking at each other.
 
A mood of conciliation descended over Gudhem, not least thanks to Fru Helena’s many wise words to the young girls, and as the calm follows the abating storm, Mother Rikissa acted promptly and wisely.
Four maidens from Linköping had come to Gudhem, and only one of them had any previous experience of convent life. They were all mourning fallen kinsmen, and they were all terrified, crying themselves to sleep every night.
But one could make something good come from their pain, as one can make a virtue out of necessity, Mother Rikissa thought. And so she decided two things. First, that for an unspecified period the vow of silence at Gudhem would be lifted, since none of the new girls knew sign language. Second, since the sisters themselves had other more important things to do, Cecilia Blanca and Cecilia Rosa would be given special responsibility for the new girls. They would teach them to speak with signs, to obey the rules, to sing and to weave.
Cecilia Blanca and Cecilia Rosa were astonished when they were summoned to Mother Rikissa in the chapter hall and given these instructions. And they were filled with ambivalence. For one thing, it permitted them a freedom they could never have imagined inside Gudhem, to determine their own workday and also be able to talk freely without risk. And yet they would be forced to be together with four daughters of the Sverker clan. Cecilia Blanca wanted as little to do with such girls as possible; even though she suspected that her hatred had more to do with their fathers and mothers, it still didn’t feel right, she claimed. Cecilia Rosa begged her to consider how she would have felt if the battle on the field of blood outside Bjälbo had turned out differently. They had to obey; they had no choice.
All six were embarrassed when they met the first time out in the arcade after the midday rest. Singing would be the easiest, since they had no idea what to say, Cecilia Rosa thought. And because she knew exactly where they were in the continual progression through the Psalter, she knew which songs were coming up in three hours, when it was time for none, the mid-afternoon prayers. And so the lessons began, with Cecilia Rosa singing lead. They repeated each song so many times that their pupils seemed to have them memorized, at least temporarily. And when none was then to be sung inside the church, it was evident that the new girls really could join in with the singing.
When they came out to the arcade after the songs, the weather was blustery with the chill of autumn. Cecilia Blanca then went to the abbess’s residence, returning at once, clearly pleased, and told them that they’d been given permission to use the chapter hall.
They sat there for an hour or so, practicing the simplest signs in Gudhem’s silent language, and the inexperienced teachers soon noticed that this was an art that they had to teach in small portions, and that it was no use continuing for too long at a time. After half the work shift before sext, the midday prayers, they went straight across the arcade to the weaving rooms, where surly lay-sisters reluctantly moved aside. There both Cecilias began chattering away as they explained about the weaving and began to giggle. Then they joked that they were both trying to talk at once so that all six of them for the first time had something to giggle about together.
It turned out that one of the new girls, the youngest and smallest, a maiden with coal-black hair named Ulvhilde Emundsdotter, was already very adept at the art of weaving. She had said nothing to anyone before, or perhaps no one had bothered to listen to her since she had arrived at Gudhem. Now she began with growing fervor to tell them that there was a way to blend linen and wool that would produce a cloth that was both warm and supple. This fabric was ideal for mantles for both men and women. And they all belonged to families in which there was great need of mantles for both religious and worldly occasions.
Then the conversation abruptly stopped short because they still felt embarrassed in one another’s company: two from the clans of the blue mantles and four from the clans of the red and black mantles. But a seed had been sown.
A short time later Cecilia Rosa discovered that little Ulvhilde seemed to be tagging after her, not in a hostile way as if she wanted to spy on her, but shyly, as if she had something she wanted to say. The Cecilias had now divided up their time as teachers, with Rosa taking care of the singing and Blanca the weaving, and then they were all together during the lessons in sign language. Cecilia Rosa soon found an occasion to conclude the singing a bit earlier than usual. She frankly asked Ulvhilde to sit down for a moment and tell her what it was that she so obviously wanted to discuss. The other girls stole out cautiously and closed the door to the chapter hall so quietly behind them that Cecilia Rosa had the feeling they already knew what was on Ulvhilde’s mind.
“So, now that we’re alone,” she began, sounding almost as authoritative as an abbess, but was instantly embarrassed and caught herself. “I mean…I’ve sensed that there’s something you want to talk about in private. Am I right about this?”
“Yes, dear Cecilia Rosa, you are completely right,” replied Ulvhilde, looking all at once as if she were making a brave attempt to hold back the tears.
“My dear little friend, what is it?” Cecilia Rosa asked uncertainly.
But the answer was not forthcoming. They sat together for a while, neither of them daring to be first to break the silence, although by now Cecilia Rosa had begun to have her suspicions.
“The thing is, Emund Ulvbane was my father, blessed be his soul,” whispered Ulvhilde at last, her gaze fixed on the limestone floor.
“I don’t know any Emund Ulvbane,” said Cecilia Rosa timidly, at once regretting it.
“Yes, you do, Cecilia Rosa; your betrothed Arn Magnusson knew him, and everyone in both Western and Eastern Götaland knows the story. My father lost his hand in that duel.”
“Yes, of course I know about the duel at Axevalla ting,” Cecilia Rosa admitted in shame. “Everyone does, just as you say. But I wasn’t there and had nothing to do with that affair. Arn was not yet betrothed to me. And you weren’t there either. So what do you mean by this? Do you intend for this matter to stand like a fortress wall between us?”
“It’s much worse than that,” Ulvhilde went on, no longer able to hold back the tears. “Knut Eriksson killed my father at Forsvik, even though he had promised that father would be allowed to come for me, my mother, and my brothers. And on the fields of blood…”
Then Ulvhilde could go no farther, but bent forward sobbing as if the pain had cloven her across her tender waist. Cecilia Rosa at first felt altogether at a loss, but she put her arms around little Ulvhilde, knelt down next to her, and awkwardly stroked her cheeks.
“There, there,” she consoled her. “What you started to tell me must come out, and you may as well do it now. So tell me what happened on the fields of blood, because I know nothing about it.”
Ulvhilde struggled for a moment, trying to catch her breath between sobs before she was able to utter the words that had to come out.
“On the fields of blood…both my brothers died…killed by the Folkungs…and then they came to our farm where mother…where mother was still in hiding. And they burned her alive with the livestock and servants!”
It was as if Ulvhilde’s wild grief spread like a coldness between their limbs so that it was now inside Cecilia Rosa as well. They clung to each other without being able to speak. Cecilia Rosa began rocking back and forth as if she were lulling the younger girl to sleep, although now there would be no sleep. And yet something more had to be said.
“Ulvhilde, my little friend,” Cecilia Rosa whispered hoarsely. “Keep in mind that it could have been you in this position and that neither of us is at all to blame. If I can console you then I will try. If you want me to be your friend and support, I will try that too. It’s not easy to live at Gudhem, and you should know that here we need friends more than anything else.”
 
The death throes of Fru Helena Stenkilsdotter took a long time. For ten days she lay dying, and during most of that time her mind was utterly clear. It made the matter that much more delicate for Mother Rikissa, who now had to send various messages far and wide.
It would not do simply to bury Fru Helena as any of Gudhem’s pensioners, because she was of royal lineage, and she had married into both the Sverker and the Erik clans. At a time when the wounds of war had been better healed, a huge retinue should have come to see her to her final rest. But as things now stood, with the fields of blood outside Bjälbo fresh in everyone’s memory, only a small but very resolute group showed up. Almost all the guests arrived several days before her death; they had to spend the time waiting in both the hospitium and other buildings outside the cloister—Folkungs and Eriks in one group, and Sverkers in another.
Cecilia Blanca and Cecilia Rosa were the only novices who were allowed to go outside the walls to sing at the graveside in the churchyard. This was not because of their clan lineage, but because their singing voices were among the loveliest at Gudhem.
Bishop Bengt had come from Skara to pray over the grave. Standing slightly removed from everyone else he wore his light-blue, gold-embroidered bishop’s vestments, and he seemed able to remain upright only by clutching his staff. On one side stood men from the Sverker and Stenkil clans in red, black, and green mantles. On the other side stood the Eriks in gold and sky-blue, and Folkungs in the same blue but with silver. In two long rows outside the churchyard were all the shields fastened to lances stuck into the ground: the Folkung lion, the three Erik crowns, the black Sverker griffin, and the Stenkil wolf’s head. Some of the shields still bore clear marks of sword-edges and lance-points, while some of the guests’ mantles bore traces of both battle and blood. Peace had reigned for too short a time for the marks of war to have been washed away in the rain.
The two Cecilias did their utmost during the singing of the hymns, and they had not the slightest thought of attempting any mischief that might cause discord among the clans. Slight as their acquaintance with Fru Helena was before she died, it was more than sufficient for them to like her and feel great respect for her.
When the singing was over and Fru Helena had been consigned to the black earth, there was naturally no question but that the Cecilias, and any of the other sisters, would quickly disappear behind the convent walls. A grave-ale would be drunk in the hospitium, but that was something only for Bishop Bengt, Mother Rikissa, and the worldly guests. They would now have to associate more closely with one another than they had done in the churchyard, where none had shown any desire for fellowship.
When Bishop Bengt and his cathedral dean started off, as if intending to lead the procession toward the hospitium and the waiting grave-ale, the hostility among the various group was obvious to the worldly guests. The Eriks made the first move to start walking, so they were in the front of the procession. But when the Sverkers discovered that, they hastened to ensure that they would come before the Folkungs. In stifled silence the colorful retinue headed off toward the northern end of Gudhem where the guest quarters stood.
The two Cecilias had hung back to observe the fine clothing and the ritual. When Mother Rikissa noticed them she strode over and gave them a good dressing-down, fuming about things that were unsuitable for the eyes of Christian maidens, and she ordered them to hurry off behind the walls, and to be quick about it.
But Cecilia Blanca then answered her so gently that she surprised even herself, saying that she had seen something that might further the cause of peace and also serve Gudhem. Many of the mantles worn by the guests needed to have the traces of war removed, and that was something which would be easy to arrange inside Gudhem. Just as Mother Rikissa opened her mouth to speak more harsh words, an idea seemed to dawn on her. Instead she turned around and looked at the morose procession of guests shuffling off.
“You know, I think that maybe even a blind hen can find the grain,” she said pensively, but not at all unkindly. And then she shooed off the two Cecilias as if they were geese.
Mother Rikissa had two worries that she kept from everyone else at Gudhem. One involved a great event that would soon take place, inevitable as a new season, and for Cecilia Blanca at least it would mean a tremendous change. The second had to do with Gudhem’s business affairs and was somewhat more difficult to comprehend.
Gudhem was a rich cloister even now in its early days, although less than a lifetime had passed since the church was consecrated as a cloister church and the first sisters moved in. But riches alone could not feed mouths, since the wealth was based on the ownership of land, and this ownership had to be transformed into food and drink, clothing and the construction of buildings. And what the earth produced came to Gudhem from near and far in the form of casks of seed, bales of wool, salted fish, dried fish, flour, oil, and fruit. A portion of all these goods had to be stored for use at Gudhem; a greater portion had to be shipped to various marketplaces, mostly the one in Skara, to be sold and transformed into silver. This silver would then be spent primarily to pay all those from foreign lands who worked on the various buildings of the cloister. All too often the sale of goods took some time, so that the convent’s cache of silver ebbed away. This was a constant source of worry for Mother Rikissa. No matter how she tried to involve herself in the various details of administration, the yconomus, a canon from Skara whom Bishop Bengt viewed as useless in church work but who had a good head for business, always had a rejoinder for her suspicious questions. If the harvests had been good, then it would be difficult to sell very much grain at one time. If the harvests had been poor, then they had to wait to sell until the prices rose a bit. And it was never good to sell everything at once, but rather to spread the sale over the entire year. So in the late autumn when most of the rent payments from tenants came flowing in, all their storehouses were filled to bursting, and toward the end of each summer all these storage places stood empty. The yconomus claimed that this was the natural order of things.
Mother Rikissa had tried to discuss these problems with Father Henri, who was the abbot of Varnhem and in that capacity her superior. But Father Henri had been unable to give her any particularly good advice. There was a big difference between a cloister populated only by men and a convent with only women, as he explained with a concerned expression. At Varnhem they took in direct payments in silver for the many different sorts of work they did. They had twenty different quarries where they manufactured millstones; they had smithies that fabricated everything from farming tools to swords for noblemen; and they did all their construction work with their own labor force without spending any silver. What Gudhem needed was its own business that could bring in silver directly, Father Henri had told her. But that was easier said than done.
When Mother Rikissa heard Cecilia Blanca talking about the guests’ stained and tattered mantles it had given her an idea, and she would always remember it as being of her own devising. At Gudhem wool was spun and woven; linen was harvested, retted, dried, braked, scutched, combed, spun, and woven—the entire process from the flax plant to finished fabric. And Sister Leonore, who took care of Gudhem’s gardens, knew how to dye fabrics in many different ways. Except for black, this knowledge was never put to use because there was no need for garish worldly colors inside Gudhem.
Thought precedes action just as the dawn precedes the day, and Mother Rikissa now set the new plan in motion. When she returned from the grave-ale in the hospitium, which was as brief as it could be among the victors and the vanquished, she took with her two threadbare and sloppily mended mantles, one red and one blue. She had been careful to acquire a mantle from each side.
All the new work that would now have to be done brought a change for the better to Gudhem, just as Mother Rikissa had hoped. Apart from her worries about obtaining silver, she was in a race against time with another concern that she had not confided in anyone. She had to make the girls cease their hostility toward one another.
The maidens would be given the greatest responsibility for the new work, and this suited Mother Rikissa’s new hidden agenda all the better. Now, in early autumn, the lay sisters needed to devote all their attention to the harvesting work. Besides, the lay sisters all came from families that never dressed in clan colors to go to church or to market or to bridal ales. Lay sisters—lay-sisters, whom Mother Rikissa regarded with a contempt she could scarcely conceal—were women from poor families who could not afford to marry off their daughters. So the young women were sent to the convent to work for their own food instead of staying at home with poor peasant fathers and costing more than they could contribute. Lay-sisters had never in their lives been in a noble household so had never seen a Folkung mantle or a Sverker one either. So this new work had to be done entirely by the consecrated sisters and the more or less temporary guests among the novices: the two Cecilias and the Sverker daughters.
It soon turned out, however, that Gudhem had taken on no easy task. Everything had to be tested, and many trials were failures before something good finally emerged. And yet all these early difficulties merely intensified the maidens determination to succeed; they hurried to take up each job in a way that seemed almost indecorous. And when Mother Rikissa went past the weaving workshop, she heard eager words spoken in a tone that hardly seemed proper in a house dedicated to the Mother of God. But Mother Rikissa decided to bide her time, and for now the giggling was permitted. There would be time enough to restore decorum. Until the great event took place it would be unwise of her to treat the girls in a heavy-handed fashion.
Ulvhilde Emundsdotter had persuaded the others to try and weave the fabric she had spoken about, in which wool and linen were mixed. A mantle of pure linen would be too soft, and a mantle of only wool would be too thick and unwieldy and would not drape well over the shoulders and back. So the first task was to produce the cloth. But it wasn’t easy, because if the woolen threads were woven too loosely, too many strands would pull out from the cloth; if the linen thread was woven too tightly, it would bunch up the cloth too much. Through trial and error they would have to find the proper techniques.
Then there were difficulties with Sister Leonore’s various dye samples. Red proved to be the simplest to produce, though the maidens had to be careful to ensure that it was exactly the right shade of red. The red of beet juice was too vividly purple and too bright; the red that came from St. John’s wort was too light and too brown, although it could be mixed with alder to darken it. The correct red color was soon developed using dyes from Sister Leonore’s many clay pots. It proved harder to produce the right blue.
And a dyed piece of cloth had to be marked and dried, since the colors when wet did not look at all the same when dry. Many pieces of cloth, which were useless for any other purpose afterward, were given over to all this testing.
It took a lot of work to produce a single finished mantle. And as if that weren’t enough, there was the matter of how to line the mantles and where the pelts would come from. Winter squirrels, marten, and foxes didn’t grow on trees, after all. So instead of bringing in silver, the new work ended up adding to the cloister’s expenses. The yconomus was finally ordered by a reluctant Mother Rikissa to go to Skara and buy skins, traveling all the way to Linköping if need be. He whined and complained about the expense. He thought it was risky to lay out silver for something one wasn’t certain could be sold, and in any case it would be a long time before the costs could be recouped as income. Mother Rikissa replied that silver did not multiply on its own at the bottom of a chest; something had to be done with it. But the yconomus argued that doing so could bring losses as soon as gains. At a calmer period for Gudhem Mother Rikissa might have paid more attention to the yconomus and his grumbling. But in view of its current situation, it was important that the girls had no reason to complain, or that the cloister still had silver in its coffers.
 
The harbinger of the great event at Gudhem was a convoy of oxcarts from Skara. It arrived on a calm, clear autumn day and was taken in hand as something that had been expected, although the cargo consisted of tents and wood, casks of ale and mead, and even some barrels of wine that had been brought up from Varnhem. There were also animal carcasses that had to be hung in cold storage, and a great number of roast-turners and laborers. They began to raise a tent city outside the walls of Gudhem, and their hammer-blows, laughter, and coarse words rang throughout the cloister.
Inside the walls rumors were buzzing like a beehive. Some simply believed that war was coming again, that an army would arrive and claim Gudhem as the enemy’s fortress. Others thought that it was merely the bishops who were holding a meeting and had selected a neutral spot where no one had to bear the entire expense. Mother Rikissa and the nuns, who knew or at least ought to know what it was all about, gave not the slightest hint of anything.
In the vestiarium, which was the new, more formal term for the weaving chamber where the Cecilias and the Sverker daughters now spent most of their time, the idea soon arose that one of them was to be fetched and married off—a thought that inspired both hope and trepidation. It even seemed most probable, since preparations were being made for a feast. They let their imaginations run wild, as if they were no longer enemies at all, picturing which of them would end up with a drooling old man from Skara. That was how the Cecilias taunted the Sverker daughters, who then retaliated with the prospect of a drooling old man from Linköping who had done the king a favor or promised loyalty in return for once again being allowed to creep into the bed-straw with an innocent maiden. The more they spoke of this possibility, the more excited they became, because it would be splendid to have a different life outside the walls, yet terrible was the thought of a drooling old man, whether from Linköping or Skara. What was perceived as both liberation and punishment could just as well befall someone on the red Sverker side as on the blue side. Half in jest each tied a piece of yarn around their right arm, a red one for the Sverker daughters and a blue one for the two Cecilias.
When talk turned to this matter it felt as though a hard hand were squeezing Cecilia Rosa’s heart. She found it hard to breathe and broke out in a cold sweat. She had to leave the room for a few moments, breathing in the chill air in the arcade and panting as if with a cramp. If they decided to marry her off, what could she do about it? She had sworn to remain faithful to her beloved Arn, as he had sworn to her. But what did such promises mean to men who were settling scores after war? Of what significance was her will or her love?
She consoled herself with the fact that she had been sentenced to many years of penance, and that it was the judgment of the Holy Roman Church. No Folkungs or Eriks or other men who had either won or lost in war could change that fact. She calmed down at once, but also found it odd that her lengthy punishment might become a consolation. At least she wouldn’t be married off.
“I will love you forever, Arn. May God’s Holy Mother always hold her protective hand over you wherever you are in the Holy Land and whatever godless enemies you may encounter,” she whispered.
Then she prayed three Ave Marias, and in her own prayers she turned to the Mother of God and begged forgiveness for having let herself be overwhelmed by her worldly love, promising that her love for the Mother of God was greatest of all. Having regained a sense of calm, she then went back inside to the others, and seemed just as usual.
After prandium and the prayers of thanksgiving the next day, when it was time for rest, a great commotion arose at Gudhem. Messengers came and knocked loudly at the gate, sisters ran back and forth, Mother Rikissa came from the church, wringing her hands in distress, and all the women were summoned to a procession. Soon they were walking slowly, in the order prescribed by the cloister rules, out of the great port underneath Adam and Eve. Singing, they then circled the walls three times before they stopped before the southeast side of Gudhem and lined up with Mother Rikissa in front, behind her the consecrated nuns, and behind them the lay-sisters. But it was strange that the maidens had to stand near the consecrated nuns in a little group by themselves.
In the tent city that had now been raised, men in ordinary brown work clothes made ready by cleaning up all that was untidy. They finished in a great hurry and then fetched poles with furled pennants. All the worldly men lined up, and soon only whispers were heard from them.
All the men and women now stood tensely, staring off to the southeast. It was a lovely day, at that time of autumn when all the colors were still bright and had not yet faded in advance of winter. There was a light breeze and only a few clouds in the sky.
The first thing that could be seen to the south was the flashing glint of lance-points in the sunshine. Soon a great host of horsemen came into view, and the colors became apparent, mostly blue. Everyone knew that the Folkungs or Eriks were approaching.
“It’s our men, our colors,” Cecilia Blanca whispered excitedly to Cecilia Rosa standing beside her. Mother Rikissa turned at once and shot her a stern look, raising her finger to her lips to shush her.
The mighty host came ever closer, and now they could see the shields. Those in the vanguard all bore three crowns on a blue field, or Folkung lions against the same background, and all their mantles were blue.
When the retinue came closer they could see that there were red mantles farther back, as well as green and black with gold and other colors that did not belong to any of the more powerful clans.
Now they could see that one of the horsemen in front wore flashing gold around his brow instead of a helmet. No, two of them in front were wearing crowns.
When the column was less than an arrow-shot away it was easy to make out the three riding in front. First came Archbishop Stéphan on a plodding chestnut mare with a large belly. Behind the archbishop to his right rode Knut Eriksson himself on a lively black stallion. His crown was that of a king. And next to him rode Birger Brosa, the jarl, wearing a smaller crown.
Mother Rikissa stood with her back straight, almost defiant. Now the procession was so close that those waiting outside the cloister could speak with the horsemen. Then Mother Rikissa sank to her knees, as she was compelled to do before both the secular and ecclesiastical power. Behind her knelt all the sisters, all the lay-sisters, and finally all the worldly maidens. When all the women were in this position with their eyes on the ground before them, all the men knelt down too. King Knut Eriksson had come to Gudhem on his royal tour of the realm.
The three riders in front stopped only a few paces from Mother Rikissa, who had not yet raised her glance from the ground. Archbishop Stéphan managed to dismount from his horse, muttering in a foreign language about the difficulty of doing so. He straightened his clothing, and stepped up to Mother Rikissa to offer her his right hand. She took it and kissed it humbly, and he gave her leave to rise. Then all were allowed to rise and stood silent.
King Knut now dismounted, though with the ease of a victorious young warrior, raised his right hand, and waited without looking around as a rider from the rear ranks quickly galloped up and handed him a blue mantle with three Erik crowns of gold and a lining of ermine. It was the mantle of a king or queen, like the one he wore himself.
He took the mantle over his left arm and walked slowly, as all the others at Gudhem stood motionless, over to the worldly maidens. He stood behind Cecilia Blanca without a word, raising the mantle high so that all could see it. Then he hung his queen’s mantle over her shoulders and took her by the hand to lead her to the royal tent, where four banners with the three Erik crowns waved. Cecilia Rosa realized that she hadn’t even noticed when these banners were raised.
The two Cecilias were still holding hands, which they had been doing ever since they recognized Knut Eriksson. But as the king began to lead his Cecilia away, their fingers released their grip. Cecilia Blanca, soon to be the new queen of the Swedes and Goths, quickly turned and gave her friend for life a kiss on both cheeks.
The king frowned at this, but his face instantly brightened as he led his betrothed Cecilia to the royal tent. All the others stood still or remained on their horses until the king and his betrothed had entered the tent.
Then a great rattling and din arose as the whole company dismounted and all began leading their horses toward the oat pastures and haycocks the workers had arranged. The archbishop turned to Mother Rikissa, blessed her, and gave her a dismissive sign as if shooing away a fly before he headed for the royal tent.
Mother Rikissa clapped her hands as a sign for all the women under her supervision to return inside the walls without delay. Inside the cloister there was now much talking and commotion, which not even the strictest rules in this world could have prevented. The holy sisters of the Virgin Mary were jabbering away at each other almost as loudly as the worldly maidens.
It was time for singing, and Mother Rikissa sternly tried to restore order and get them all into the church, forcing upon them the dignity and silence required for the singing hour and the prayers. During the hymns she noticed that Cecilia Rosa sang with a rare power. Tears flowed down the cheeks of this young and now dangerous woman. Everything had gone as badly as Mother Rikissa had feared.
Everything had gone as well as Cecilia Rosa had hoped, but also feared. Her dear friend would become queen, that was as clear as water. And for that reason she felt great joy. But now she would be alone, without her dear friend for many hard years to come. And for that reason she felt sorrow. She couldn’t tell which feeling was stronger.
 
Inside the walls of the cloister the rest of the day passed like any other day, even though it could not be the same. It was a novelty for all the maidens and lay-sisters at Gudhem that the king would come here on his tour of the country and take his rest near the cloister. Mother Rikissa had found it best not to say anything about what she had known for several weeks. She hadn’t even mentioned it to Cecilia Blanca, even though she’d been given a royal greeting to deliver, but it would have made Cecilia Blanca impossible to control and also would have unsettled all the other girls.
The king had made a detour from the anticipated route. After passing Jönköping he and his retinue had headed for Eriksberg, which was the king’s birthplace. It was also the place where his father, who was now more often called Holy Saint Erik, had been born and where the Erik clan had built their church with the most beautiful frescoes in Western Götaland. The king now entered the most pleasant part of the journey for him, the heartland of the Erik clan.
Many travelers came and went, and there was a constant clatter of horses’ hooves. In the vestiarium not much orderly work was done by Gudhem’s maidens, since they were fantasizing about what the smells and sounds from outside might tell them regarding about was happening. But amid the eager chatter, a distance arose between Cecilia Rosa and the others. Now she was the only one inside Gudhem with a piece of blue yarn around her right arm, alone among the Sverker daughters. It was as if some of the old hostility had come creeping back, mixed with fear or caution since she, even though alone, was the dearest friend of the future queen.
After vespers Mother Rikissa was to attend the banquet outside the walls, so she refrained from following all the others to the refectorium for a supper of lentil soup and rye bread. But the prioress had scarcely managed to say grace over the meal in the refectorium before Mother Rikissa returned and spread anxiety all around her. She was livid with barely contained anger. Pressing her lips tight, she ordered Cecilia Rosa to come with her at once. It seemed as though Cecilia Rosa might now be taken for punishment, in the worst case to the carcer.
She got up at once and followed Mother Rikissa with her head bowed, for rather than fear a bright hope had ignited inside her. And just as she hoped, she was not being led to the carcer but to the gate and then to the hospitium. There merry voices were heard from the banquet in progress. In the tents outside the smithy and stables, many men were drinking ale.
The hospitium, however, was large enough to hold only the most highly honored guests. At the oak table inside the hall sat the king himself and his jarl Birger Brosa, the archbishop and Bishop Bengt from Skara, four other men whom Cecilia Rosa did not recognize, and far down at the short end of the table sat Cecilia Blanca wearing her blue mantle with the three crowns and ermine trim.
When they entered the room Mother Rikissa roughly shoved Cecilia Rosa before her, seizing her by the scruff of the neck to make her curtsey to the dignitaries, as if she wouldn’t have thought to do so herself. Knut Eriksson frowned and gave Mother Rikissa a stern look that she pretended not to notice. Then he raised his right hand so that all talking and whispering ceased in the room at once.
“We welcome you to our banquet here at Gudhem, Cecilia Algotsdotter,” he said with a kind glance at Cecilia Rosa. Then he continued, with a less kind look at Mother Rikissa.
“We welcome you most gladly since your presence here is the wish of our betrothed. Just as we may invite Mother Rikissa if we so choose, our betrothed may invite you.”
With that he gestured toward the place where Cecilia Blanca was sitting, where there was still some room. Mother Rikissa then led Cecilia Rosa with a firm grip to the far end of the table. When she sat down Mother Rikissa angrily tore from her arm the blue piece of yarn, turned away, and went to her place at the other end of the table.
Mother Rikissa’s contemptuous handling of the blue color did not escape the attention of anyone in the hall, so at first there was an embarrassed silence. The two Cecilias held each other’s hand under the table. Everyone could see that the king was incensed by the unwise action of the mother superior.
“If you, Mother Rikissa, feel an aversion to blue yarn, then perhaps you would not feel comfortable sitting here with us this evening,” he said, his tone suspiciously gentle as he pointed to the door leading out.
“We have rules at Gudhem that not even kings can alter, and at Gudhem no maiden may wear clan colors,” replied Mother Rikissa brusquely and without fear. But then jarl Birger Brosa slammed his fist on the table so hard that the ale tankards jumped, and there was a silence like that between a lightning strike and the thunder. Everyone cringed involuntarily when he stood up and pointed at Mother Rikissa.
“Then you should know, Rikissa,” he began in a much quieter voice than anyone in the room expected, “that we Folkungs also have our rules. Cecilia Algotsdotter is a dear friend, and she is betrothed to an even dearer friend of both myself and the king. It is true that she was sentenced to harsh punishment for a sin that many of us have escaped with no punishment at all, but you shall know that in my eyes she is one of us!”
He had raised his voice toward the end of his speech and now he strode with slow, decisive steps down the table and stood directly behind the two Cecilias, giving Mother Rikissa a hard stare as he swept off his mantle and carefully, almost tenderly, draped it around Cecilia Rosa’s shoulders. He gave the king a glance, and the king nodded his approval in return. Then Birger Brosa returned to his place, hoisted his ale tankard and drank several mighty drafts, before he held out the tankard toward the two Cecilias, and then sat down with a loud grumble.
For a long while the conversation flagged. Roast-turners brought in both venison and pork, along with ale and sweet vegetables and white bread, but the guests touched only enough food as was considered polite.
The two Cecilias had no opportunity to talk, although they were bursting with impatience to discuss events. That which was called women’s prattle would not have been appropriate at the table when the mood was so solemn. They bowed their heads demurely, picking cautiously at the food which after such a long time on a cloister diet, they otherwise would have gobbled right up.
For Archbishop Stéphan, the roast-turners had brought in special food, including lamb cooked in cabbage, and unlike all the others at the table he drank wine instead of ale. He had not allowed the dispute between Mother Rikissa and the king’s jarl to interrupt his earthly enjoyments. Now he held up his wine glass and scrutinized the color of the wine before once again putting it to his lips and rolling his eyes.
“It’s like being home in Burgundy again,” he sighed as he set down his glass. “Mon Dieu! This wine certainly suffered no harm from its long journey. But speaking of journeys…how are the affairs in Lübeck going, Your Majesty?”
Just as Archbishop Stéphan had intended, Knut Eriksson brightened at this question and at once launched into an animated response.
At that very moment Eskil Magnusson, who was Arn’s brother and the nephew of Birger Brosa, was in Lübeck to draw up a trading contract, signed and sealed, with no less than Henrik the Lion of Saxony. As large a portion of the trade from the Gothic lands as could be imagined would now be rerouted to the Eastern Sea and pass between Eastern Götaland and Lübeck. If their own lighters were not sufficient, the Lübeckers would generously make their vessels available. The great new wares that the Lübeckers wanted included dried fish from Norway, which Eskil Magnusson had begun to buy in copious quantities, shipping it from the Norwegian Sea up into Lake Vänern and on via river and lake to Lake Vättern, then out from ports in Eastern Götaland. Iron from Svealand, pelts and salt herring, salmon and butter would soon be shipped the same way, and the goods that the Lübeckers had to offer in return were just as favorable, but best was all the silver that changed hands.
Soon all the men, worldly as well as clerical, were involved in a lively, cheerful conversation about what the new trade route with Lübeck might entail. Their hopes were high, and they were all agreed that trade belonged to new and better times. They also seemed convinced that the wealth that would come from greater trade would also lead to increased concord and peace.
The discussion grew louder, and more ale was brought in with ever-growing haste so that the feast at long last got under way.
The two Cecilias could now begin to talk to each other, since nobody could hear what they were saying at the far end of the table. Cecilia Blanca first reported how long ago Knut Eriksson had sent a message that he would be coming to Gudhem on this day, and that he would be bringing with him a queen’s mantle. So Mother Rikissa had known about it for quite a while, but malicious as she was she had decided to say nothing. That woman’s only true joy was not to love God but to torment her neighbor.
Cecilia Rosa quietly replied, saying that happiness must seem all the greater now that it was here. For it would have been so hard to go on counting the days for over a month in constant worry that something might have changed.
They had no chance to say more because the men’s dreams of all the gold and silver to be made from trading with Lübeck began dominating the room, and Bishop Bengt was careful to turn the conversation to himself. He told them what fear he had felt for his life, but how he had prayed that God might make him brave, and then he resolutely dared to intervene and rescue the two Cecilias from being abducted, and from a convent at that—the worst sort of abduction. His story droned on, nor did he omit a single insignificant detail.
Since the Cecilias couldn’t very well interrupt when a bishop was speaking, especially when he was talking about them—although mostly about himself—they chastely bowed their heads and continued to communicate in sign language under the table.
True that he chased away the boors, but where was the courage in that? Cecilia Rosa signed.
His courage would have been greater if the Sverkers had won on the fields of blood, Cecilia Blanca replied. Neither of them could hold back a giggle.
But King Knut, who was a sharp-eyed man and not yet very drunk, saw this female merriment from the corner of his eye. He turned suddenly to the Cecilias and asked in a loud voice whether this incident did not occur exactly the way Bishop Bengt had related it.
“Yes, absolutely true, it happened just as the bishop tells it,” replied Cecilia Blanca without the slightest hesitation. “Foreign warriors came and demanded with words so coarse that I can’t repeat them here that Cecilia Algotsdotter and I be delivered from the walls of Gudhem at once. Then Bishop Bengt stepped up and admonished them in stern terms and they retreated without doing harm.”
During a brief silence the king and the other men pondered these angelic words from the king’s own betrothed, and the king then promised that this matter would not go unrewarded. Bishop Bengt was quick to point out that he sought no reward for acting in accordance with his conscience and as his duty to the Lord commanded, but if something good might fall to the church then joy would arise among God’s servants, just as in Heaven. Soon the conversation took another turn.
Cecilia Rosa now asked in sign language why the lying bishop was let off the hook so easily. Cecilia Blanca answered that it would have been unwise for a future queen to disgrace one of the kingdom’s bishops before other men. But that did not mean that anything was forgotten, and the king would soon be told the truth, although at a more suitable time. By now they were signing even more excitedly above the table, and they suddenly realized that Mother Rikissa was staring at them with an expression that was anything but loving.
Birger Brosa had also seen something, although he was not one to talk much at a feast; he preferred to watch and listen. He was sitting in his usual way, leaning back slightly with that amused smile that had given him the nickname Brosa—meaning Cheerful—and with his ale tankard lazily propped on one knee. Now he quickly leaned forward and slammed down the tankard with a bang, so that the conversation stopped and all eyes turned to him. They knew that when the jarl did this he had something to say, and when the jarl had something to say everyone listened, even the king.
“It seems fitting to me,” he began with a thoughtful look on his face, “that we might talk a bit about what we could do for Gudhem, now that we are finally gathered here and have heard about Bishop Bengt’s heroic action. Does Rikissa have any suggestion, perhaps?”
All eyes turned to Mother Rikissa, for the jarl was not one to ask a rhetorical question. Mother Rikissa thought carefully before replying.
“Land is always being donated to cloisters,” she said. “Gudhem too has acquired more property as the years go by. But right now what we need at Gudhem are squirrel furs and good wintertime white fox and marten pelts.”
She looked a bit sly when she fell silent, as if she understood quite well what astonishment her answer would arouse.
“Squirrel and marten pelts? It sounds as though you and your sisters have been struck by worldly temptations, but surely things can’t possibly be as bad as that, can they, Rikissa?” asked Birger Brosa in a kindly tone and with a bigger smile than usual.
“Not at all,” Mother Rikissa snorted. “But just as you gentlemen deal in trade, a subject which you have all been boasting of so freely, the servants of the Lord must do so as well. Look at all these soiled and torn mantles that your men are wearing. Here at Gudhem we have begun to make new mantles, better and more beautiful than the ones you had before. And for these mantles we are counting on receiving an honest price. Since we are women, you can’t demand that we cut millstones like the monks at Varnhem.”
Her reply provoked both surprise and amusement. So involved in business matters as all the men had just been feeling, and as men always felt, they could do no less than nod in agreement and attempt to look wise.
“And what sort of colors are possible for these mantles that you and your sisters are sewing?” asked Birger Brosa in a kindly tone that scarcely concealed the cunning of his thoughts.
“My good jarl!” replied Mother Rikissa, feigning equal surprise at the question that Birger Brosa had just posed so innocently. “The mantles that we sew are of course red with a black griffin head…as well as blue with three crowns, or blue with the lion that you yourself, although not at this moment, usually wear on your back…”
After a brief hesitation Birger Brosa began to laugh, and Knut Eriksson joined in, so that in no time all the men around the table were laughing.
“Mother Rikissa! You have a sharp tongue, but we also find you have an amusing way with words,” said Knut Eriksson, taking a swig of ale and wiping his mouth before he went on. “The pelts you asked for shall soon be at Gudhem, we give you our word on that. Was there anything else, while we’re still in a good mood and willing to make new business deals?”
“Yes, perhaps so, my king,” replied Mother Rikissa hesitantly. “If those Lübeckers have gold and silver thread, we could make the coats of arms much lovelier. Surely both Cecilia Ulvsdotter and Cecilia Algotsdotter can attest to that, since they have both been very industrious in this new venture at Gudhem.”
All eyes now turned to the two Cecilias, who modestly had to agree with what Mother Rikissa had said. With such fine foreign thread they could embroider beautiful coats of arms on the back of the mantles.
So the king immediately promised to see to it that not only the desired furs but also Lübeck thread would arrive at Gudhem as soon as possible. He added that it was not only a better deal than bestowing land, it could also mean a more beautiful assembly at the coronation ceremony if the guests were well appointed by the women of Gudhem.
Mother Rikissa got up at once and excused herself, saying that duty called, and she thanked the king most gratefully for both the meal and the promises. The king and the jarl both nodded good night, and she was free to go. But she remained standing there, giving Cecilia Rosa a stern look, as if she were waiting for her.
When Knut Eriksson noticed Mother Rikissa’s silent demand, he looked at his betrothed and she shook her head. He made up his mind.
“We wish you good night, Rikissa,” he said. “And as far as Cecilia Algotsdotter is concerned, we would like her to spend the night with our betrothed so that no one can say that Knut spent the night under the same roof and in the same bed as his intended.”
Mother Rikissa stood utterly still, as if she could not believe her ears. She had a hard time deciding whether she should agree and simply leave, or whether she should argue the point.
“For we all know,” interposed Birger Brosa quietly, “what misery it could mean for the Cecilias if the betrothed are not kept scrupulously apart until the bridal ale. And no matter how much it might please you, Rikissa, to be allowed to hold both the Cecilias in the nurture and admonition of the Lord for twenty years, our king would probably be less glad of it.”
Birger Brosa smiled as always, but there was poison in his words. Mother Rikissa was a contentious woman and now her eyes were flashing fire. The king intervened quickly before more damage wrought by harsh words could be done.
“We believe that you can sleep peacefully with regard to this matter, Rikissa,” he said. “For your archbishop has given his blessing for what we have now decreed and arranged. N’est-ce pas, mon cher Stéphan?”
“Comment? Oh…naturellement…uh, ma chère Mère Rikissa…it is just as His Majesty has said, a small matter, a mere trifle…”
The archbishop dug into his roast lamb once again, the third serving that had been brought in to him, and then he raised his wine glass and seemed to be inspecting it as if everything was settled. Mother Rikissa turned without a word and strode off, her heels clacking on the oaken floor as she headed toward the door.
With that the king and his men were rid of the person who by her presence most hampered their speech—a desire for candor that soon began to make itself felt just as implacably as the need to relieve themselves outside in the pine boughs. It was a hindrance to have the abbess at their feast, no two ways about it.
But it was not much better with two maidens whose young ears would probably be badly singed by the long talks that the night still promised.
The king explained that they had arranged beds for the Cecilias in a chamber on the upper floor, and that a guard would be placed outside their door all night so that no malicious tongues could do harm. For the Cecilias this leave-taking was just as important as it was for the men, because they had only one last night together to say everything that they might otherwise long regret not having said. They withdrew in a courtly manner, although Birger Brosa cleared his throat and stopped them on their way, pointing at his mantle. Cecilia Rosa flushed and took off the mantle. When Birger Brosa turned his back in amusement, she placed the jarl’s mantle adorned with the Folkung lion over the shoulders where it belonged.
Soon the two Cecilias climbed into bed upstairs among the linens and thick pelts so that they were able to sleep in only their shifts and still find the night unusually warm and pleasant. Affixed to one of the log walls were tallow candles that would burn much longer than ordinary wax ones.
They lay for a while side by side, staring at the ceiling and holding hands. On a bench next to the bed lay the queen’s mantle, a majestic blue with three glinting crowns of gold reminding of all the wondrous things that had happened on this day. For a while they were so absorbed in this thought that neither of them spoke.
But the night was still young, and from downstairs came noise and laughter from the now female-free company. The men could concentrate on enjoying a good feast with liveliness and vigor, an honor demanded when dining with the king.
“I wonder if the archbishop is started on his fourth helping of roast lamb by now,” Cecilia Blanca giggled. “And I wonder if he’s as simple-minded as he seems. Did you see the way he brushed aside Mother Rikissa as if a fly had got into his wine glass?”
“That’s exactly why he’s not the simpleton he makes himself out to be,” replied Cecilia Rosa. “He couldn’t feign obedience to the king’s slightest whim. Nor could he feign that he thought it was important to decide for the king and against Mother Rikissa, so he pretended there was a fly in his wine glass, and that was that. Besides, Arn always spoke well of Archbishop Stéphan, even though he sentenced both of us to such a harsh punishment.”
“You’re far too good and you think too well of people, my dearest of friends,” Cecilia Blanca said with a sigh.
“What do you mean, dearest Blanca?”
“You have to think more like a man, Rosa, you have to learn to think as they do—the way all men think whether they bear the crown of a jarl or carry a bishop’s staff. It was not at all a fair sentence that you and Arn were given. As Birger Brosa said so clearly, many have committed the same sin without being punished at all. You were both judged too harshly, that’s clear as water, don’t you realize that?”
“No, I don’t understand. Why would they do that?”
“Rikissa. There you have the malevolent soul behind the entire matter. I was at Gudhem when your sister Katarina, who is probably no longer so dear to you, urged Rikissa to begin spinning her web. Arn, your beloved as you say, was Knut Eriksson’s friend and a Folkung. That was the relationship that Rikissa was intent on destroying; she wanted to harm the king’s friend and sow dissension. And Arn was a swordsman who could vanquish all others; many stories were told about him. That was a skill that the archbishop was intent on using.”
“But what would the archbishop and Father Henri want with another swordsman?”
“My dear beloved friend!” Cecilia Blanca burst out impatiently. “Don’t make yourself the stupid goose that Fru Helena talked about. Bishops and other prelates are constantly talking about how we must send men to the war in the Holy Land, as if we didn’t have enough to do with our own wars, and how anyone who takes up the Cross will enter Paradise. Yet they have had scant success with such speech. Do you know anyone who took the Cross and went there voluntarily? No, me neither. But they could send Arn, and they surely said many prayers of thanksgiving afterward. The truth is sometimes hard and cold. If Arn Magnusson hadn’t gained a saga-like reputation after the duel at Axevalla, had he been a man like all the others with sword and lance, you would have received a sentence of two years, not twenty.”
“You’re starting to think like a queen. Is this the talent you wish to practice?” asked Cecilia Rosa after a moment. She seemed deeply affected by her friend’s claim that the sword was the reason for the harsh judgments levied against Arn and herself.
“Yes, I am trying to learn to think like a queen. Of the two of us, I’m probably the one most suited to it. You are much too good, my dear Rosa.”
“Is that how you talked them into bringing me over here to this feast, because you were thinking like a queen? By the way, Mother Rikissa looked like she was about to burst with hatred when she came to get me.”
“She probably could have, that hag; she has to learn that she is certainly not the will of God. No, I tried first with normal cunning and caresses. But Knut did not seem to be very taken by my arts. He went and asked his jarl, so there I was disappointed. I have a long way to go to be treated as a queen.”
“So it was Birger Brosa then who decided that I should be invited?”
“He and no other. In him you have a supporter whom you must tend well. When he went over and draped the Folkung mantle around you, it was not meant merely to protect you from the cold.”
They fell silent because the salvos of laughter were now thundering up through the floor planks, and because they felt somewhat embarrassed that their conversation had taken such a somber turn. It felt as if the queen’s mantle, lying in the darkness close to them, had forced them to become something other than simply the dearest of friends. And even though the hour was not yet late, the night would end as all nights did, even nights spent in the carcer. And with that they would be separated for a very long time, perhaps even forever. Surely there was something else to talk about besides the struggle for power.
“Don’t you think he’s a handsome man? Does he look the same as you remember him?” Cecilia Rosa asked at last.
“Who? Knut Eriksson? Yes, though I no doubt remember him as younger and more handsome. It’s been a few years since we’ve seen each other, and even then we met only seldom. He’s still tall and looks quite strong, but his hair is starting to thin so that soon he’ll resemble a monk, even though he’s not very old. He isn’t exactly an old man from Linköping, but my choice could have been better, of course. And he isn’t as smart as Birger Brosa. Summa summarum, the betrothal could have been better, but also much worse. So I’m fairly satisfied.”
“Fairly satisfied?”
“Yes, I have to admit as much. But it’s not that important. The important thing is that he’s the king.”
“Then you don’t love him?”
“The way I love the Virgin Mary, or the way they love in the sagas? No, it’s obvious that I don’t. Why should I?”
“Haven’t you ever loved a man?”
“No. But there was once a stable boy…ah, I was only fifteen at the time. My father caught us together and there was an awful row. The stable boy was shown the gate after being whipped, but he swore that he would come back someday with many retainers. I cried for days, and then I got a new horse.”
“When I get out of here I’ll be thirty-seven years old,” Cecilia Rosa whispered although they had been talking quite loudly to be heard over the feast downstairs.
“Then you may still have a lot of your life before you,” Cecilia Blanca replied in a much louder voice. “You can come to me and the king. You and I are friends for life; that’s the one thing that Mother Rikissa can do nothing about.”
“But I’ll probably only get out of here if Arn comes back as he vowed to do. Otherwise I’ll dry up and spend the rest of my life in the convent,” said Cecilia Rosa in a somewhat louder voice.
“You must pray every night for Arn until that day comes,” said Cecilia Blanca, squeezing her friend’s hand harder. “I promise you that I’ll pray for the same thing, and maybe together, if we both keep trying, we can persuade God’s Holy Mother.”
“Yes, maybe we can. Because it’s well known that Our Lady has many times been persuaded by prayers of love if only they are persistent enough. I know a story about such a case that is very beautiful.”
“What if I ask you the same thing you asked me—do you really love Arn Magnusson? Or is he just your footbridge that will carry you across this chasm called Gudhem? Do you love him the way you love Our Lady, or the way they love in the sagas?”
“Yes, I do,” said Cecilia Rosa. “I love him so much that I’m afraid of the sin of loving a man more than God. I will love him forever, and when these cursed twenty years have passed, I will still love him.”
“You may not be able to understand this, but I envy you,” said Cecilia Blanca after a while. She turned in the bed and threw her arms around her friend.
They lay like that for a while as tears came to them both. Finally they were interrupted by the necessity that can intervene at any time after a feast. Cecilia Blanca had to get up and relieve herself in the wooden bucket that had been thoughtfully placed under their bed.
“I have to ask you two things that can only be asked of one’s dearest friend,” Cecilia Blanca resumed when she crept back in under the sheepskins. “How does it feel to have a son and yet not have a son? And is it as bad as many women say it is to give birth to a child?”
“You’re certainly asking a lot all at once,” said Cecilia Rosa with a wan smile. “Having to give up a son like mine, a boy named Magnus who is growing up with Birger Brosa and with Brigida as his mother, was so hard that I force myself to think of him only in my prayers. He was so beautiful and so little! It’s a misfortune greater than my captivity with Mother Rikissa, not to be with him. Yet in spite of this misfortune, I am happy that he will be raised by a man as good as Arn’s uncle. Does this seem a bit crazy? Is it hard to understand?”
“Not at all, I believe it’s exactly as you say. But what was it like to give birth?”
“Are you starting to worry already? Isn’t it a little early for that, now that they’ve put a guard outside your bedchamber and taken all these precautions?”
“Don’t make fun of the matter. Yes, I am worried. I’m sure that I will give birth to more than a few sons. What is it like?”
“What do I know? I’ve had only one. Do you want to know if it hurts? Yes, it hurts terribly. Do you want to know if you feel glad when it’s over? Yes, you do. Now have you found out from an experienced woman anything that you didn’t already know?”
“I wonder if it hurts less if you love the man who is father to your child,” Cecilia Blanca mused after a while, half in earnest and half in jest.
“Yes, I think that’s true,” replied Cecilia Rosa.
“Then it’s probably best if I start loving our king,” joked Cecilia Blanca with a sigh.
They both burst out laughing, and their laughter felt cleansing and liberating. They wriggled around in bed so that they lay entwined, almost like the night when a nearly frozen Cecilia Blanca was brought up from the carcer. And as they lay there they both came to think of that night.
“I believe and will always believe that you saved my life. I was frozen to the bone, and my life felt like it was the last blue flame that flickers just before the last ember dies out,” Cecilia Blanca whispered in her friend’s ear.
“Your flame is no doubt stronger than that,” said Cecilia Rosa sleepily.
They fell asleep but awoke when it was time for lauds. Both of them stumbled groggily out of bed and started to get dressed before remembering that they were in the hospitium, and bellowing could still be heard downstairs.
As they crept back underneath the sheepskins they were wide awake and couldn’t go back to sleep. But the candle had burned out and it was pitch dark outside the window.
They began again where they had left off, talking of eternal friendship and eternal love.


the
of
and
to
a
in
for
is
on
that
by
this
with
i
you
it
not
or
be
are
from
at
as
your
all
have
new
more
an
was
we
will
home
can
us
about
if
page
my
has
search
free
but
our
one
other
do
no
information
time
they
site
he
up
may
what
which
their
news
out
use
any
there
see
only
so
his
when
contact
here
business
who
web
also
now
help
get
pm
view
online
c
e
first
am
been
would
how
were
me
s
services
some
these
click
its
like
service
x
than
find
price
date
back
top
people
had
list
name
just
over
state
year
day
into
email
two
health
n
world
re
next
used
go
b
ruben
lana
tessa
bodi
work
last
most
products
music
buy
data
make
them
should
product
system
post
her
city
t
add
policy
number
such
please
available
copyright
support
message
after
best
software
then
jan
good
video
well
d
where
info
rights
public
books
high
school
through
m
each
links
she
review
years
order
very
privacy
book
items
company
r
read
group
sex
need
many
user
said
de
does
set
under
general
research
university
january
mail
full
map
reviews
program
life
know
games
way
days
management
p
part
could
great
united
hotel
real
f
item
international
center
ebay
must
store
travel
comments
made
development
report
off
member
details
line
terms
before
hotels
did
send
right
type
because
local
those
using
results
office
education
national
car
design
take
posted
internet
address
community
within
states
area
want
phone
dvd
shipping
reserved
subject
between
forum
family
l
long
based
w
code
show
o
even
black
check
special
prices
website
index
being
women
much
sign
file
link
open
today
technology
south
case
project
same
pages
uk
version
section
own
found
sports
house
related
security
both
g
county
american
photo
game
members
power
while
care
network
down
computer
systems
three
total
place
end
following
download
h
him
without
per
access
think
north
resources
current
posts
big
media
law
control
water
history
pictures
size
art
personal
since
including
guide
shop
directory
board
location
change
white
text
small
rating
rate
government
children
during
usa
return
students
v
shopping
account
times
sites
level
digital
profile
previous
form
events
love
old
john
main
call
hours
image
department
title
description
non
k
y
insurance
another
why
shall
property
class
cd
still
money
quality
every
listing
content
country
private
little
visit
save
tools
low
reply
customer
december
compare
movies
include
college
value
article
york
man
card
jobs
provide
j
food
source
author
different
press
u
learn
sale
around
print
course
job
canada
process
teen
room
stock
training
too
credit
point
join
science
men
categories
advanced
west
sales
look
english
left
team
estate
box
conditions
select
windows
photos
gay
thread
week
category
note
live
large
gallery
table
register
however
june
october
november
market
library
really
action
start
series
model
features
air
industry
plan
human
provided
tv
yes
required
second
hot
accessories
cost
movie
forums
march
la
september
better
say
questions
july
yahoo
going
medical
test
friend
come
dec
server
pc
study
application
cart
staff
articles
san
feedback
again
play
looking
issues
april
never
users
complete
street
topic
comment
financial
things
working
against
standard
tax
person
below
mobile
less
got
blog
party
payment
equipment
login
student
let
programs
offers
legal
above
recent
park
stores
side
act
problem
red
give
memory
performance
social
q
august
quote
language
story
sell
options
experience
rates
create
key
body
young
america
important
field
few
east
paper
single
ii
age
activities
club
example
girls
additional
password
z
latest
something
road
gift
question
changes
night
ca
hard
texas
oct
pay
four
poker
status
browse
issue
range
building
seller
court
february
always
result
audio
light
write
war
nov
offer
blue
groups
al
easy
given
files
event
release
analysis
request
fax
china
making
picture
needs
possible
might
professional
yet
month
major
star
areas
future
space
committee
hand
sun
cards
problems
london
washington
meeting
rss
become
interest
id
child
keep
enter
california
porn
share
similar
garden
schools
million
added
reference
companies
listed
baby
learning
energy
run
delivery
net
popular
term
film
stories
put
computers
journal
reports
co
try
welcome
central
images
president
notice
god
original
head
radio
until
cell
color
self
council
away
includes
track
australia
discussion
archive
once
others
entertainment
agreement
format
least
society
months
log
safety
friends
sure
faq
trade
edition
cars
messages
marketing
tell
further
updated
association
able
having
provides
david
fun
already
green
studies
close
common
drive
specific
several
gold
feb
living
sep
collection
called
short
arts
lot
ask
display
limited
powered
solutions
means
director
daily
beach
past
natural
whether
due
et
electronics
five
upon
period
planning
database
says
official
weather
mar
land
average
done
technical
window
france
pro
region
island
record
direct
microsoft
conference
environment
records
st
district
calendar
costs
style
url
front
statement
update
parts
aug
ever
downloads
early
miles
sound
resource
present
applications
either
ago
document
word
works
material
bill
apr
written
talk
federal
hosting
rules
final
adult
tickets
thing
centre
requirements
via
cheap
nude
kids
finance
true
minutes
else
mark
third
rock
gifts
europe
reading
topics
bad
individual
tips
plus
auto
cover
usually
edit
together
videos
percent
fast
function
fact
unit
getting
global
tech
meet
far
economic
en
player
projects
lyrics
often
subscribe
submit
germany
amount
watch
included
feel
though
bank
risk
thanks
everything
deals
various
words
linux
jul
production
commercial
james
weight
town
heart
advertising
received
choose
treatment
newsletter
archives
points
knowledge
magazine
error
camera
jun
girl
currently
construction
toys
registered
clear
golf
receive
domain
methods
chapter
makes
protection
policies
loan
wide
beauty
manager
india
position
taken
sort
listings
models
michael
known
half
cases
step
engineering
florida
simple
quick
none
wireless
license
paul
friday
lake
whole
annual
published
later
basic
sony
shows
corporate
google
church
method
purchase
customers
active
response
practice
hardware
figure
materials
fire
holiday
chat
enough
designed
along
among
death
writing
speed
html
countries
loss
face
brand
discount
higher
effects
created
remember
standards
oil
bit
yellow
political
increase
advertise
kingdom
base
near
environmental
thought
stuff
french
storage
oh
japan
doing
loans
shoes
entry
stay
nature
orders
availability
africa
summary
turn
mean
growth
notes
agency
king
monday
european
activity
copy
although
drug
pics
western
income
force
cash
employment
overall
bay
river
commission
ad
package
contents
seen
players
engine
port
album
regional
stop
supplies
started
administration
bar
institute
views
plans
double
dog
build
screen
exchange
types
soon
sponsored
lines
electronic
continue
across
benefits
needed
season
apply
someone
held
ny
anything
printer
condition
effective
believe
organization
effect
asked
eur
mind
sunday
selection
casino
pdf
lost
tour
menu
volume
cross
anyone
mortgage
hope
silver
corporation
wish
inside
solution
mature
role
rather
weeks
addition
came
supply
nothing
certain
usr
executive
running
lower
necessary
union
jewelry
according
dc
clothing
mon
com
particular
fine
names
robert
homepage
hour
gas
skills
six
bush
islands
advice
career
military
rental
decision
leave
british
teens
pre
huge
sat
woman
facilities
zip
bid
kind
sellers
middle
move
cable
opportunities
taking
values
division
coming
tuesday
object
lesbian
appropriate
machine
logo
length
actually
nice
score
statistics
client
ok
returns
capital
follow
sample
investment
sent
shown
saturday
christmas
england
culture
band
flash
ms
lead
george
choice
went
starting
registration
fri
thursday
courses
consumer
hi
airport
foreign
artist
outside
furniture
levels
channel
letter
mode
phones
ideas
wednesday
structure
fund
summer
allow
degree
contract
button
releases
wed
homes
super
male
matter
custom
virginia
almost
took
located
multiple
asian
distribution
editor
inn
industrial
cause
potential
song
cnet
ltd
los
hp
focus
late
fall
featured
idea
rooms
female
responsible
inc
communications
win
associated
thomas
primary
cancer
numbers
reason
tool
browser
spring
foundation
answer
voice
eg
friendly
schedule
documents
communication
purpose
feature
bed
comes
police
everyone
independent
ip
approach
cameras
brown
physical
operating
hill
maps
medicine
deal
hold
ratings
chicago
forms
glass
happy
tue
smith
wanted
developed
thank
safe
unique
survey
prior
telephone
sport
ready
feed
animal
sources
mexico
population
pa
regular
secure
navigation
operations
therefore
ass
simply
evidence
station
christian
round
paypal
favorite
understand
option
master
valley
recently
probably
thu
rentals
sea
built
publications
blood
cut
worldwide
improve
connection
publisher
hall
larger
anti
networks
earth
parents
nokia
impact
transfer
introduction
kitchen
strong
tel
carolina
wedding
properties
hospital
ground
overview
ship
accommodation
owners
disease
tx
excellent
paid
italy
perfect
hair
opportunity
kit
classic
basis
command
cities
william
express
anal
award
distance
tree
peter
assessment
ensure
thus
wall
ie
involved
el
extra
especially
interface
pussy
partners
budget
rated
guides
success
maximum
ma
operation
existing
quite
selected
boy
amazon
patients
restaurants
beautiful
warning
wine
locations
horse
vote
forward
flowers
stars
significant
lists
technologies
owner
retail
animals
useful
directly
manufacturer
ways
est
son
providing
rule
mac
housing
takes
iii
gmt
bring
catalog
searches
max
trying
mother
authority
considered
told
xml
traffic
programme
joined
input
strategy
feet
agent
valid
bin
modern
senior
ireland
sexy
teaching
door
grand
testing
trial
charge
units
instead
canadian
cool
normal
wrote
enterprise
ships
entire
educational
md
leading
metal
positive
fl
fitness
chinese
opinion
mb
asia
football
abstract
uses
output
funds
mr
greater
likely
develop
employees
artists
alternative
processing
responsibility
resolution
java
guest
seems
publication
pass
relations
trust
van
contains
session
multi
photography
republic
fees
components
vacation
century
academic
assistance
completed
skin
graphics
indian
prev
ads
mary
il
expected
ring
grade
dating
pacific
mountain
organizations
pop
filter
mailing
vehicle
longer
consider
int
northern
behind
panel
floor
german
buying
match
proposed
default
require
iraq
boys
outdoor
deep
morning
otherwise
allows
rest
protein
plant
reported
hit
transportation
mm
pool
mini
politics
partner
disclaimer
authors
boards
faculty
parties
fish
membership
mission
eye
string
sense
modified
pack
released
stage
internal
goods
recommended
born
unless
richard
detailed
japanese
race
approved
background
target
except
character
usb
maintenance
ability
maybe
functions
ed
moving
brands
places
php
pretty
trademarks
phentermine
spain
southern
yourself
etc
winter
rape
battery
youth
pressure
submitted
boston
incest
debt
keywords
medium
television
interested
core
break
purposes
throughout
sets
dance
wood
msn
itself
defined
papers
playing
awards
fee
studio
reader
virtual
device
established
answers
rent
las
remote
dark
programming
external
apple
le
regarding
instructions
min
offered
theory
enjoy
remove
aid
surface
minimum
visual
host
variety
teachers
isbn
martin
manual
block
subjects
agents
increased
repair
fair
civil
steel
understanding
songs
fixed
wrong
beginning
hands
associates
finally
az
updates
desktop
classes
paris
ohio
gets
sector
capacity
requires
jersey
un
fat
fully
father
electric
saw
instruments
quotes
officer
driver
businesses
dead
respect
unknown
specified
restaurant
mike
trip
pst
worth
mi
procedures
poor
teacher
xxx
eyes
relationship
workers
farm
fucking
georgia
peace
traditional
campus
tom
showing
creative
coast
benefit
progress
funding
devices
lord
grant
sub
agree
fiction
hear
sometimes
watches
careers
beyond
goes
families
led
museum
themselves
fan
transport
interesting
blogs
wife
evaluation
accepted
former
implementation
ten
hits
zone
complex
th
cat
galleries
references
die
presented
jack
flat
flow
agencies
literature
respective
parent
spanish
michigan
columbia
setting
dr
scale
stand
economy
highest
helpful
monthly
critical
frame
musical
definition
secretary
angeles
networking
path
australian
employee
chief
gives
kb
bottom
magazines
packages
detail
francisco
laws
changed
pet
heard
begin
individuals
colorado
royal
clean
switch
russian
largest
african
guy
titles
relevant
guidelines
justice
connect
bible
dev
cup
basket
applied
weekly
vol
installation
described
demand
pp
suite
vegas
na
square
chris
attention
advance
skip
diet
army
auction
gear
lee
os
difference
allowed
correct
charles
nation
selling
lots
piece
sheet
firm
seven
older
illinois
regulations
elements
species
jump
cells
module
resort
facility
random
pricing
dvds
certificate
minister
motion
looks
fashion
directions
visitors
documentation
monitor
trading
forest
calls
whose
coverage
couple
giving
chance
vision
ball
ending
clients
actions
listen
discuss
accept
automotive
naked
goal
successful
sold
wind
communities
clinical
situation
sciences
markets
lowest
highly
publishing
appear
emergency
developing
lives
currency
leather
determine
milf
temperature
palm
announcements
patient
actual
historical
stone
bob
commerce
ringtones
perhaps
persons
difficult
scientific
satellite
fit
tests
village
accounts
amateur
ex
met
pain
xbox
particularly
factors
coffee
www
settings
cum
buyer
cultural
steve
easily
oral
ford
poster
edge
functional
root
au
fi
closed
holidays
ice
pink
zealand
balance
monitoring
graduate
replies
shot
nc
architecture
initial
label
thinking
scott
llc
sec
recommend
canon
hardcore
league
waste
minute
bus
provider
optional
dictionary
cold
accounting
manufacturing
sections
chair
fishing
effort
phase
fields
bag
fantasy
po
letters
motor
va
professor
context
install
shirt
apparel
generally
continued
foot
mass
crime
count
breast
techniques
ibm
rd
johnson
sc
quickly
dollars
websites
religion
claim
driving
permission
surgery
patch
heat
wild
measures
generation
kansas
miss
chemical
doctor
task
reduce
brought
himself
nor
component
enable
exercise
bug
santa
mid
guarantee
leader
diamond
israel
se
processes
soft
servers
alone
meetings
seconds
jones
arizona
keyword
interests
flight
congress
fuel
username
walk
fuck
produced
italian
paperback
classifieds
wait
supported
pocket
saint
rose
freedom
argument
competition
creating
jim
drugs
joint
premium
providers
fresh
characters
attorney
upgrade
di
factor
growing
thousands
km
stream
apartments
pick
hearing
eastern
auctions
therapy
entries
dates
generated
signed
upper
administrative
serious
prime
samsung
limit
began
louis
steps
errors
shops
bondage
del
efforts
informed
ga
ac
thoughts
creek
ft
worked
quantity
urban
practices
sorted
reporting
essential
myself
tours
platform
load
affiliate
labor
immediately
admin
nursing
defense
machines
designated
tags
heavy
covered
recovery
joe
guys
integrated
configuration
cock
merchant
comprehensive
expert
universal
protect
drop
solid
cds
presentation
languages
became
orange
compliance
vehicles
prevent
theme
rich
im
campaign
marine
improvement
vs
guitar
finding
pennsylvania
examples
ipod
saying
spirit
ar
claims
porno
challenge
motorola
acceptance
strategies
mo
seem
affairs
touch
intended
towards
sa
goals
hire
election
suggest
branch
charges
serve
affiliates
reasons
magic
mount
smart
talking
gave
ones
latin
multimedia
xp
tits
avoid
certified
manage
corner
rank
computing
oregon
element
birth
virus
abuse
interactive
requests
separate
quarter
procedure
leadership
tables
define
racing
religious
facts
breakfast
kong
column
plants
faith
chain
developer
identify
avenue
missing
died
approximately
domestic
sitemap
recommendations
moved
houston
reach
comparison
mental
viewed
moment
extended
sequence
inch
attack
sorry
centers
opening
damage
lab
reserve
recipes
cvs
gamma
plastic
produce
snow
placed
truth
counter
failure
follows
eu
weekend
dollar
camp
ontario
automatically
des
minnesota
films
bridge
native
fill
williams
movement
printing
baseball
owned
approval
draft
chart
played
contacts
cc
jesus
readers
clubs
lcd
wa
jackson
equal
adventure
matching
offering
shirts
profit
leaders
posters
institutions
assistant
variable
ave
dj
advertisement
expect
parking
headlines
yesterday
compared
determined
wholesale
workshop
russia
gone
codes
kinds
extension
seattle
statements
golden
completely
teams
fort
cm
wi
lighting
senate
forces
funny
brother
gene
turned
portable
tried
electrical
applicable
disc
returned
pattern
ct
hentai
boat
named
theatre
laser
earlier
manufacturers
sponsor
classical
icon
warranty
dedicated
indiana
direction
harry
basketball
objects
ends
delete
evening
assembly
nuclear
taxes
mouse
signal
criminal
issued
brain
sexual
wisconsin
powerful
dream
obtained
false
da
cast
flower
felt
personnel
passed
supplied
identified
falls
pic
soul
aids
opinions
promote
stated
stats
hawaii
professionals
appears
carry
flag
decided
nj
covers
hr
em
advantage
hello
designs
maintain
tourism
priority
newsletters
adults
clips
savings
iv
graphic
atom
payments
rw
estimated
binding
brief
ended
winning
eight
anonymous
iron
straight
script
served
wants
miscellaneous
prepared
void
dining
alert
integration
atlanta
dakota
tag
interview
mix
framework
disk
installed
queen
vhs
credits
clearly
fix
handle
sweet
desk
criteria
pubmed
dave
massachusetts
diego
hong
vice
associate
ne
truck
behavior
enlarge
ray
frequently
revenue
measure
changing
votes
du
duty
looked
discussions
bear
gain
festival
laboratory
ocean
flights
experts
signs
lack
depth
iowa
whatever
logged
laptop
vintage
train
exactly
dry
explore
maryland
spa
concept
nearly
eligible
checkout
reality
forgot
handling
origin
knew
gaming
feeds
billion
destination
scotland
faster
intelligence
dallas
bought
con
ups
nations
route
followed
specifications
broken
tripadvisor
frank
alaska
zoom
blow
battle
residential
anime
speak
decisions
industries
protocol
query
clip
partnership
editorial
nt
expression
es
equity
provisions
speech
wire
principles
suggestions
rural
shared
sounds
replacement
tape
strategic
judge
spam
economics
acid
bytes
cent
forced
compatible
fight
apartment
height
null
zero
speaker
filed
gb
netherlands
obtain
bc
consulting
recreation
offices
designer
remain
managed
pr
failed
marriage
roll
korea
banks
fr
participants
secret
bath
aa
kelly
leads
negative
austin
favorites
toronto
theater
springs
missouri
andrew
var
perform
healthy
translation
estimates
font
assets
injury
mt
joseph
ministry
drivers
lawyer
figures
married
protected
proposal
sharing
philadelphia
portal
waiting
birthday
beta
fail
gratis
banking
officials
brian
toward
won
slightly
assist
conduct
contained
lingerie
shemale
legislation
calling
parameters
jazz
serving
bags
profiles
miami
comics
matters
houses
doc
postal
relationships
tennessee
wear
controls
breaking
combined
ultimate
wales
representative
frequency
introduced
minor
finish
departments
residents
noted
displayed
mom
reduced
physics
rare
spent
performed
extreme
samples
davis
daniel
bars
reviewed
row
oz
forecast
removed
helps
singles
administrator
cycle
amounts
contain
accuracy
dual
rise
usd
sleep
mg
bird
pharmacy
brazil
creation
static
scene
hunter
addresses
lady
crystal
famous
writer
chairman
violence
fans
oklahoma
speakers
drink
academy
dynamic
gender
eat
permanent
agriculture
dell
cleaning
constitutes
portfolio
practical
delivered
collectibles
infrastructure
exclusive
seat
concerns
colour
vendor
originally
intel
utilities
philosophy
regulation
officers
reduction
aim
bids
referred
supports
nutrition
recording
regions
junior
toll
les
cape
ann
rings
meaning
tip
secondary
wonderful
mine
ladies
henry
ticket
announced
guess
agreed
prevention
whom
ski
soccer
math
import
posting
presence
instant
mentioned
automatic
healthcare
viewing
maintained
ch
increasing
majority
connected
christ
dan
dogs
sd
directors
aspects
austria
ahead
moon
participation
scheme
utility
preview
fly
manner
matrix
containing
combination
devel
amendment
despite
strength
guaranteed
turkey
libraries
proper
distributed
degrees
singapore
enterprises
delta
fear
seeking
inches
phoenix
rs
convention
shares
principal
daughter
standing
voyeur
comfort
colors
wars
cisco
ordering
kept
alpha
appeal
cruise
bonus
certification
previously
hey
bookmark
buildings
specials
beat
disney
household
batteries
adobe
smoking
bbc
becomes
drives
arms
alabama
tea
improved
trees
avg
achieve
positions
dress
subscription
dealer
contemporary
sky
utah
nearby
rom
carried
happen
exposure
panasonic
hide
permalink
signature
gambling
refer
miller
provision
outdoors
clothes
caused
luxury
babes
frames
viagra
certainly
indeed
newspaper
toy
circuit
layer
printed
slow
removal
easier
src
liability
trademark
hip
printers
faqs
nine
adding
kentucky
mostly
eric
spot
taylor
trackback
prints
spend
factory
interior
revised
grow
americans
optical
promotion
relative
amazing
clock
dot
hiv
identity
suites
conversion
feeling
hidden
reasonable
victoria
serial
relief
revision
broadband
influence
ratio
pda
importance
rain
onto
dsl
planet
webmaster
copies
recipe
zum
permit
seeing
proof
dna
diff
tennis
bass
prescription
bedroom
empty
instance
hole
pets
ride
licensed
orlando
specifically
tim
bureau
maine
sql
represent
conservation
pair
ideal
specs
recorded
don
pieces
finished
parks
dinner
lawyers
sydney
stress
cream
ss
runs
trends
yeah
discover
sexo
ap
patterns
boxes
louisiana
hills
javascript
fourth
nm
advisor
mn
marketplace
nd
evil
aware
wilson
shape
evolution
irish
certificates
objectives
stations
suggested
gps
op
remains
acc
greatest
firms
concerned
euro
operator
structures
generic
encyclopedia
usage
cap
ink
charts
continuing
mixed
census
interracial
peak
tn
competitive
exist
wheel
transit
dick
suppliers
salt
compact
poetry
lights
tracking
angel
bell
keeping
preparation
attempt
receiving
matches
accordance
width
noise
engines
forget
array
discussed
accurate
stephen
elizabeth
climate
reservations
pin
playstation
alcohol
greek
instruction
managing
annotation
sister
raw
differences
walking
explain
smaller
newest
establish
gnu
happened
expressed
jeff
extent
sharp
lesbians
ben
lane
paragraph
kill
mathematics
aol
compensation
ce
export
managers
aircraft
modules
sweden
conflict
conducted
versions
employer
occur
percentage
knows
mississippi
describe
concern
backup
requested
citizens
connecticut
heritage
personals
immediate
holding
trouble
spread
coach
kevin
agricultural
expand
supporting
audience
assigned
jordan
collections
ages
participate
plug
specialist
cook
affect
virgin
experienced
investigation
raised
hat
institution
directed
dealers
searching
sporting
helping
perl
affected
lib
bike
totally
plate
expenses
indicate
blonde
ab
proceedings
favourite
transmission
anderson
utc
characteristics
der
lose
organic
seek
experiences
albums
cheats
extremely
verzeichnis
contracts
guests
hosted
diseases
concerning
developers
equivalent
chemistry
tony
neighborhood
nevada
kits
thailand
variables
agenda
anyway
continues
tracks
advisory
cam
curriculum
logic
template
prince
circle
soil
grants
anywhere
psychology
responses
atlantic
wet
circumstances
edward
investor
identification
ram
leaving
wildlife
appliances
matt
elementary
cooking
speaking
sponsors
fox
unlimited
respond
sizes
plain
exit
entered
iran
arm
keys
launch
wave
checking
costa
belgium
printable
holy
acts
guidance
mesh
trail
enforcement
symbol
crafts
highway
buddy
hardcover
observed
dean
setup
poll
booking
glossary
fiscal
celebrity
styles
denver
unix
filled
bond
channels
ericsson
appendix
notify
blues
chocolate
pub
portion
scope
hampshire
supplier
cables
cotton
bluetooth
controlled
requirement
authorities
biology
dental
killed
border
ancient
debate
representatives
starts
pregnancy
causes
arkansas
biography
leisure
attractions
learned
transactions
notebook
explorer
historic
attached
opened
tm
husband
disabled
authorized
crazy
upcoming
britain
concert
retirement
scores
financing
efficiency
sp
comedy
adopted
efficient
weblog
linear
commitment
specialty
bears
jean
hop
carrier
edited
constant
visa
mouth
jewish
meter
linked
portland
interviews
concepts
nh
gun
reflect
pure
deliver
wonder
hell
lessons
fruit
begins
qualified
reform
lens
alerts
treated
discovery
draw
mysql
classified
relating
assume
confidence
alliance
fm
confirm
warm
neither
lewis
howard
offline
leaves
engineer
lifestyle
consistent
replace
clearance
connections
inventory
converter
suck
organisation
babe
checks
reached
becoming
blowjob
safari
objective
indicated
sugar
crew
legs
sam
stick
securities
allen
pdt
relation
enabled
genre
slide
montana
volunteer
tested
rear
democratic
enhance
switzerland
exact
bound
parameter
adapter
processor
node
formal
dimensions
contribute
lock
hockey
storm
micro
colleges
laptops
mile
showed
challenges
editors
mens
threads
bowl
supreme
brothers
recognition
presents
ref
tank
submission
dolls
estimate
encourage
navy
kid
regulatory
inspection
consumers
cancel
limits
territory
transaction
manchester
weapons
paint
delay
pilot
outlet
contributions
continuous
db
czech
resulting
cambridge
initiative
novel
pan
execution
disability
increases
ultra
winner
idaho
contractor
ph
episode
examination
potter
dish
plays
bulletin
ia
pt
indicates
modify
oxford
adam
truly
epinions
painting
committed
extensive
affordable
universe
candidate
databases
patent
slot
psp
outstanding
ha
eating
perspective
planned
watching
lodge
messenger
mirror
tournament
consideration
ds
discounts
sterling
sessions
kernel
boobs
stocks
buyers
journals
gray
catalogue
ea
jennifer
antonio
charged
broad
taiwan
und
chosen
demo
greece
lg
swiss
sarah
clark
labour
hate
terminal
publishers
nights
behalf
caribbean
liquid
rice
nebraska
loop
salary
reservation
foods
gourmet
guard
properly
orleans
saving
nfl
remaining
empire
resume
twenty
newly
raise
prepare
avatar
gary
depending
illegal
expansion
vary
hundreds
rome
arab
lincoln
helped
premier
tomorrow
purchased
milk
decide
consent
drama
visiting
performing
downtown
keyboard
contest
collected
nw
bands
boot
suitable
ff
absolutely
millions
lunch
dildo
audit
push
chamber
guinea
findings
muscle
featuring
iso
implement
clicking
scheduled
polls
typical
tower
yours
sum
misc
calculator
significantly
chicken
temporary
attend
shower
alan
sending
jason
tonight
dear
sufficient
holdem
shell
province
catholic
oak
vat
awareness
vancouver
governor
beer
seemed
contribution
measurement
swimming
spyware
formula
constitution
packaging
solar
jose
catch
jane
pakistan
ps
reliable
consultation
northwest
sir
doubt
earn
finder
unable
periods
classroom
tasks
democracy
attacks
kim
wallpaper
merchandise
const
resistance
doors
symptoms
resorts
biggest
memorial
visitor
twin
forth
insert
baltimore
gateway
ky
dont
alumni
drawing
candidates
charlotte
ordered
biological
fighting
transition
happens
preferences
spy
romance
instrument
bruce
split
themes
powers
heaven
br
bits
pregnant
twice
classification
focused
egypt
physician
hollywood
bargain
wikipedia
cellular
norway
vermont
asking
blocks
normally
lo
spiritual
hunting
diabetes
suit
ml
shift
chip
res
sit
bodies
photographs
cutting
wow
simon
writers
marks
flexible
loved
favourites
mapping
numerous
relatively
birds
satisfaction
represents
char
indexed
pittsburgh
superior
preferred
saved
paying
cartoon
shots
intellectual
moore
granted
choices
carbon
spending
comfortable
magnetic
interaction
listening
effectively
registry
crisis
outlook
massive
denmark
employed
bright
treat
header
cs
poverty
formed
piano
echo
que
grid
sheets
patrick
experimental
puerto
revolution
consolidation
displays
plasma
allowing
earnings
voip
mystery
landscape
dependent
mechanical
journey
delaware
bidding
consultants
risks
banner
applicant
charter
fig
barbara
cooperation
counties
acquisition
ports
implemented
sf
directories
recognized
dreams
blogger
notification
kg
licensing
stands
teach
occurred
textbooks
rapid
pull
hairy
diversity
cleveland
ut
reverse
deposit
seminar
investments
latina
nasa
wheels
sexcam
specify
accessibility
dutch
sensitive
templates
formats
tab
depends
boots
holds
router
concrete
si
editing
poland
folder
womens
css
completion
upload
pulse
universities
technique
contractors
milfhunter
voting
courts
notices
subscriptions
calculate
mc
detroit
alexander
broadcast
converted
metro
toshiba
anniversary
improvements
strip
specification
pearl
accident
nick
accessible
accessory
resident
plot
qty
possibly
airline
typically
representation
regard
pump
exists
arrangements
smooth
conferences
uniprotkb
beastiality
strike
consumption
birmingham
flashing
lp
narrow
afternoon
threat
surveys
sitting
putting
consultant
controller
ownership
committees
penis
legislative
researchers
vietnam
trailer
anne
castle
gardens
missed
malaysia
unsubscribe
antique
labels
willing
bio
molecular
upskirt
acting
heads
stored
exam
logos
residence
attorneys
milfs
antiques
density
hundred
ryan
operators
strange
sustainable
philippines
statistical
beds
breasts
mention
innovation
pcs
employers
grey
parallel
honda
amended
operate
bills
bold
bathroom
stable
opera
definitions
von
doctors
lesson
cinema
asset
ag
scan
elections
drinking
blowjobs
reaction
blank
enhanced
entitled
severe
generate
stainless
newspapers
hospitals
vi
deluxe
humor
aged
monitors
exception
lived
duration
bulk
successfully
indonesia
pursuant
sci
fabric
edt
visits
primarily
tight
domains
capabilities
pmid
contrast
recommendation
flying
recruitment
sin
berlin
cute
organized
ba
para
siemens
adoption
improving
cr
expensive
meant
capture
pounds
buffalo
organisations
plane
pg
explained
seed
programmes
desire
expertise
mechanism
camping
ee
jewellery
meets
welfare
peer
caught
eventually
marked
driven
measured
medline
bottle
agreements
considering
innovative
marshall
massage
rubber
conclusion
closing
tampa
thousand
meat
legend
grace
susan
ing
ks
adams
python
monster
alex
bang
villa
bone
columns
disorders
bugs
collaboration
hamilton
detection
ftp
cookies
inner
formation
tutorial
med
engineers
entity
cruises
gate
holder
proposals
moderator
sw
tutorials
settlement
portugal
lawrence
roman
duties
valuable
erotic
tone
collectables
ethics
forever
dragon
busy
captain
fantastic
imagine
brings
heating
leg
neck
hd
wing
governments
purchasing
scripts
abc
stereo
appointed
taste
dealing
commit
tiny
operational
rail
airlines
liberal
livecam
jay
trips
gap
sides
tube
turns
corresponding
descriptions
cache
belt
jacket
determination
animation
oracle
er
matthew
lease
productions
aviation
hobbies
proud
excess
disaster
console
commands
jr
telecommunications
instructor
giant
achieved
injuries
shipped
bestiality
seats
approaches
biz
alarm
voltage
anthony
nintendo
usual
loading
stamps
appeared
franklin
angle
rob
vinyl
highlights
mining
designers
melbourne
ongoing
worst
imaging
betting
scientists
liberty
wyoming
blackjack
argentina
era
convert
possibility
analyst
commissioner
dangerous
garage
exciting
reliability
thongs
gcc
unfortunately
respectively
volunteers
attachment
ringtone
finland
morgan
derived
pleasure
honor
asp
oriented
eagle
desktops
pants
columbus
nurse
prayer
appointment
workshops
hurricane
quiet
luck
postage
producer
represented
mortgages
dial
responsibilities
cheese
comic
carefully
jet
productivity
investors
crown
par
underground
diagnosis
maker
crack
principle
picks
vacations
gang
semester
calculated
cumshot
fetish
applies
casinos
appearance
smoke
apache
filters
incorporated
nv
craft
cake
notebooks
apart
fellow
blind
lounge
mad
algorithm
semi
coins
andy
gross
strongly
cafe
valentine
hilton
ken
proteins
horror
su
exp
familiar
capable
douglas
debian
till
involving
pen
investing
christopher
admission
epson
shoe
elected
carrying
victory
sand
madison
terrorism
joy
editions
cpu
mainly
ethnic
ran
parliament
actor
finds
seal
situations
fifth
allocated
citizen
vertical
corrections
structural
municipal
describes
prize
sr
occurs
jon
absolute
disabilities
consists
anytime
substance
prohibited
addressed
lies
pipe
soldiers
nr
guardian
lecture
simulation
layout
initiatives
ill
concentration
classics
lbs
lay
interpretation
horses
lol
dirty
deck
wayne
donate
taught
bankruptcy
mp
worker
optimization
alive
temple
substances
prove
discovered
wings
breaks
genetic
restrictions
participating
waters
promise
thin
exhibition
prefer
ridge
cabinet
modem
harris
mph
bringing
sick
dose
evaluate
tiffany
tropical
collect
bet
composition
toyota
streets
nationwide
vector
definitely
shaved
turning
buffer
purple
existence
commentary
larry
limousines
developments
def
immigration
destinations
lets
mutual
pipeline
necessarily
syntax
li
attribute
prison
skill
chairs
nl
everyday
apparently
surrounding
mountains
moves
popularity
inquiry
ethernet
checked
exhibit
throw
trend
sierra
visible
cats
desert
postposted
ya
oldest
rhode
nba
busty
coordinator
obviously
mercury
steven
handbook
greg
navigate
worse
summit
victims
epa
spaces
fundamental
burning
escape
coupons
somewhat
receiver
substantial
tr
progressive
cialis
bb
boats
glance
scottish
championship
arcade
richmond
sacramento
impossible
ron
russell
tells
obvious
fiber
depression
graph
covering
platinum
judgment
bedrooms
talks
filing
foster
modeling
passing
awarded
testimonials
trials
tissue
nz
memorabilia
clinton
masters
bonds
cartridge
alberta
explanation
folk
org
commons
cincinnati
subsection
fraud
electricity
permitted
spectrum
arrival
okay
pottery
emphasis
roger
aspect
workplace
awesome
mexican
confirmed
counts
priced
wallpapers
hist
crash
lift
desired
inter
closer
assumes
heights
shadow
riding
infection
firefox
lisa
expense
grove
eligibility
venture
clinic
korean
healing
princess
mall
entering
packet
spray
studios
involvement
dad
buttons
placement
observations
vbulletin
funded
thompson
winners
extend
roads
subsequent
pat
dublin
rolling
fell
motorcycle
yard
disclosure
establishment
memories
nelson
te
arrived
creates
faces
tourist
cocks
av
mayor
murder
sean
adequate
senator
yield
presentations
grades
cartoons
pour
digest
reg
lodging
tion
dust
hence
wiki
entirely
replaced
radar
rescue
undergraduate
losses
combat
reducing
stopped
occupation
lakes
butt
donations
associations
citysearch
closely
radiation
diary
seriously
kings
shooting
kent
adds
nsw
ear
flags
pci
baker
launched
elsewhere
pollution
conservative
guestbook
shock
effectiveness
walls
abroad
ebony
tie
ward
drawn
arthur
ian
visited
roof
walker
demonstrate
atmosphere
suggests
kiss
beast
ra
operated
experiment
targets
overseas
purchases
dodge
counsel
federation
pizza
invited
yards
assignment
chemicals
gordon
mod
farmers
rc
queries
bmw
rush
ukraine
absence
nearest
cluster
vendors
mpeg
whereas
yoga
serves
woods
surprise
lamp
rico
partial
shoppers
phil
everybody
couples
nashville
ranking
jokes
cst
http
ceo
simpson
twiki
sublime
counseling
palace
acceptable
satisfied
glad
wins
measurements
verify
globe
trusted
copper
milwaukee
rack
medication
warehouse
shareware
ec
rep
dicke
kerry
receipt
supposed
ordinary
nobody
ghost
violation
configure
stability
mit
applying
southwest
boss
pride
institutional
expectations
independence
knowing
reporter
metabolism
keith
champion
cloudy
linda
ross
personally
chile
anna
plenty
solo
sentence
throat
ignore
maria
uniform
excellence
wealth
tall
rm
somewhere
vacuum
dancing
attributes
recognize
brass
writes
plaza
pdas
outcomes
survival
quest
publish
sri
screening
toe
thumbnail
trans
jonathan
whenever
nova
lifetime
api
pioneer
booty
forgotten
acrobat
plates
acres
venue
athletic
thermal
essays
behaviour
vital
telling
fairly
coastal
config
cf
charity
intelligent
edinburgh
vt
excel
modes
obligation
campbell
wake
stupid
harbor
hungary
traveler
urw
segment
realize
regardless
lan
enemy
puzzle
rising
aluminum
wells
wishlist
opens
insight
sms
shit
restricted
republican
secrets
lucky
latter
merchants
thick
trailers
repeat
syndrome
philips
attendance
penalty
drum
glasses
enables
nec
iraqi
builder
vista
jessica
chips
terry
flood
foto
ease
arguments
amsterdam
orgy
arena
adventures
pupils
stewart
announcement
tabs
outcome
xx
appreciate
expanded
casual
grown
polish
lovely
extras
gm
centres
jerry
clause
smile
lands
ri
troops
indoor
bulgaria
armed
broker
charger
regularly
believed
pine
cooling
tend
gulf
rt
rick
trucks
cp
mechanisms
divorce
laura
shopper
tokyo
partly
nikon
customize
tradition
candy
pills
tiger
donald
folks
sensor
exposed
telecom
hunt
angels
deputy
indicators
sealed
thai
emissions
physicians
loaded
fred
complaint
scenes
experiments
balls
afghanistan
dd
boost
spanking
scholarship
governance
mill
founded
supplements
chronic
icons
tranny
moral
den
catering
aud
finger
keeps
pound
locate
camcorder
pl
trained
burn
implementing
roses
labs
ourselves
bread
tobacco
wooden
motors
tough
roberts
incident
gonna
dynamics
lie
crm
rf
conversation
decrease
cumshots
chest
pension
billy
revenues
emerging
worship
bukkake
capability
ak
fe
craig
herself
producing
churches
precision
damages
reserves
contributed
solve
shorts
reproduction
minority
td
diverse
amp
ingredients
sb
ah
johnny
sole
franchise
recorder
complaints
facing
sm
nancy
promotions
tones
passion
rehabilitation
maintaining
sight
laid
clay
defence
patches
weak
refund
usc
towns
environments
trembl
divided
blvd
reception
amd
wise
emails
cyprus
wv
odds
correctly
insider
seminars
consequences
makers
hearts
geography
appearing
integrity
worry
ns
discrimination
eve
carter
legacy
marc
pleased
danger
vitamin
widely
processed
phrase
genuine
raising
implications
functionality
paradise
hybrid
reads
roles
intermediate
emotional
sons
leaf
pad
glory
platforms
ja
bigger
billing
diesel
versus
combine
overnight
geographic
exceed
bs
rod
saudi
fault
cuba
hrs
preliminary
districts
introduce
silk
promotional
kate
chevrolet
babies
bi
karen
compiled
romantic
revealed
specialists
generator
albert
examine
jimmy
graham
suspension
bristol
margaret
compaq
sad
correction
wolf
slowly
authentication
communicate
rugby
supplement
showtimes
cal
portions
infant
promoting
sectors
samuel
fluid
grounds
fits
kick
regards
meal
ta
hurt
machinery
bandwidth
unlike
equation
baskets
probability
pot
dimension
wright
img
barry
proven
schedules
admissions
cached
warren
slip
studied
reviewer
involves
quarterly
rpm
profits
devil
grass
comply
marie
florist
illustrated
cherry
continental
alternate
deutsch
achievement
limitations
kenya
webcam
cuts
funeral
nutten
earrings
enjoyed
automated
chapters
pee
charlie
quebec
nipples
passenger
convenient
dennis
mars
francis
tvs
sized
manga
noticed
socket
silent
literary
egg
mhz
signals
caps
orientation
pill
theft
childhood
swing
symbols
lat
meta
humans
analog
facial
choosing
talent
dated
flexibility
seeker
wisdom
shoot
boundary
mint
packard
offset
payday
philip
elite
gi
spin
holders
believes
swedish
poems
deadline
jurisdiction
robot
displaying
witness
collins
equipped
stages
encouraged
sur
winds
powder
broadway
acquired
assess
wash
cartridges
stones
entrance
gnome
roots
declaration
losing
attempts
gadgets
noble
glasgow
automation
impacts
rev
gospel
advantages
shore
loves
induced
ll
knight
preparing
loose
aims
recipient
linking
extensions
appeals
cl
earned
illness
islamic
athletics
southeast
ieee
ho
alternatives
pending
parker
determining
lebanon
corp
personalized
kennedy
gt
sh
conditioning
teenage
soap
ae
triple
cooper
nyc
vincent
jam
secured
unusual
answered
partnerships
destruction
slots
increasingly
migration
disorder
routine
toolbar
basically
rocks
conventional
titans
applicants
wearing
axis
sought
genes
mounted
habitat
firewall
median
guns
scanner
herein
occupational
animated
horny
judicial
rio
hs
adjustment
hero
integer
treatments
bachelor
attitude
camcorders
engaged
falling
basics
montreal
carpet
rv
struct
lenses
binary
genetics
attended
difficulty
punk
collective
coalition
pi
dropped
enrollment
duke
walter
ai
pace
besides
wage
producers
ot
collector
arc
hosts
interfaces
advertisers
moments
atlas
strings
dawn
representing
observation
feels
torture
carl
deleted
coat
mitchell
mrs
rica
restoration
convenience
returning
ralph
opposition
container
yr
defendant
warner
confirmation
app
embedded
inkjet
supervisor
wizard
corps
actors
liver
peripherals
liable
brochure
morris
bestsellers
petition
eminem
recall
antenna
picked
assumed
departure
minneapolis
belief
killing
bikini
memphis
shoulder
decor
lookup
texts
harvard
brokers
roy
ion
diameter
ottawa
doll
ic
podcast
tit
seasons
peru
interactions
refine
bidder
singer
evans
herald
literacy
fails
aging
nike
intervention
pissing
fed
plugin
attraction
diving
invite
modification
alice
latinas
suppose
customized
reed
involve
moderate
terror
younger
thirty
mice
opposite
understood
rapidly
dealtime
ban
temp
intro
mercedes
zus
assurance
fisting
clerk
happening
vast
mills
outline
amendments
tramadol
holland
receives
jeans
metropolitan
compilation
verification
fonts
ent
odd
wrap
refers
mood
favor
veterans
quiz
mx
sigma
gr
attractive
xhtml
occasion
recordings
jefferson
victim
demands
sleeping
careful
ext
beam
gardening
obligations
arrive
orchestra
sunset
tracked
moreover
minimal
polyphonic
lottery
tops
framed
aside
outsourcing
licence
adjustable
allocation
michelle
essay
discipline
amy
ts
demonstrated
dialogue
identifying
alphabetical
camps
declared
dispatched
aaron
handheld
trace
disposal
shut
florists
packs
ge
installing
switches
romania
voluntary
ncaa
thou
consult
phd
greatly
blogging
mask
cycling
midnight
ng
commonly
pe
photographer
inform
turkish
coal
cry
messaging
pentium
quantum
murray
intent
tt
zoo
largely
pleasant
announce
constructed
additions
requiring
spoke
aka
arrow
engagement
sampling
rough
weird
tee
refinance
lion
inspired
holes
weddings
blade
suddenly
oxygen
cookie
meals
canyon
goto
meters
merely
calendars
arrangement
conclusions
passes
bibliography
pointer
compatibility
stretch
durham
furthermore
permits
cooperative
muslim
xl
neil
sleeve
netscape
cleaner
cricket
beef
feeding
stroke
township
rankings
measuring
cad
hats
robin
robinson
jacksonville
strap
headquarters
sharon
crowd
tcp
transfers
surf
olympic
transformation
remained
attachments
dv
dir
entities
customs
administrators
personality
rainbow
hook
roulette
decline
gloves
israeli
medicare
cord
skiing
cloud
facilitate
subscriber
valve
val
hewlett
explains
proceed
flickr
feelings
knife
jamaica
priorities
shelf
bookstore
timing
liked
parenting
adopt
denied
fotos
incredible
britney
freeware
fucked
donation
outer
crop
deaths
rivers
commonwealth
pharmaceutical
manhattan
tales
katrina
workforce
islam
nodes
tu
fy
thumbs
seeds
cited
lite
ghz
hub
targeted
organizational
skype
realized
twelve
founder
decade
gamecube
rr
dispute
portuguese
tired
titten
adverse
everywhere
excerpt
eng
steam
discharge
ef
drinks
ace
voices
acute
halloween
climbing
stood
sing
tons
perfume
carol
honest
albany
hazardous
restore
stack
methodology
somebody
sue
ep
housewares
reputation
resistant
democrats
recycling
hang
gbp
curve
creator
amber
qualifications
museums
coding
slideshow
tracker
variation
passage
transferred
trunk
hiking
lb
damn
pierre
jelsoft
headset
photograph
oakland
colombia
waves
camel
distributor
lamps
underlying
hood
wrestling
suicide
archived
photoshop
jp
chi
bt
arabia
gathering
projection
juice
chase
mathematical
logical
sauce
fame
extract
specialized
diagnostic
panama
indianapolis
af
payable
corporations
courtesy
criticism
automobile
confidential
rfc
statutory
accommodations
athens
northeast
downloaded
judges
sl
seo
retired
isp
remarks
detected
decades
paintings
walked
arising
nissan
bracelet
ins
eggs
juvenile
injection
yorkshire
populations
protective
afraid
acoustic
railway
cassette
initially
indicator
pointed
hb
jpg
causing
mistake
norton
locked
eliminate
tc
fusion
mineral
sunglasses
ruby
steering
beads
fortune
preference
canvas
threshold
parish
claimed
screens
cemetery
planner
croatia
flows
stadium
venezuela
exploration
mins
fewer
sequences
coupon
nurses
ssl
stem
proxy
gangbang
astronomy
lanka
opt
edwards
drew
contests
flu
translate
announces
mlb
costume
tagged
berkeley
voted
killer
bikes
gates
adjusted
rap
tune
bishop
pulled
corn
gp
shaped
compression
seasonal
establishing
farmer
counters
puts
constitutional
grew
perfectly
tin
slave
instantly
cultures
norfolk
coaching
examined
trek
encoding
litigation
submissions
oem
heroes
painted
lycos
ir
zdnet
broadcasting
horizontal
artwork
cosmetic
resulted
portrait
terrorist
informational
ethical
carriers
ecommerce
mobility
floral
builders
ties
struggle
schemes
suffering
neutral
fisher
rat
spears
prospective
dildos
bedding
ultimately
joining
heading
equally
artificial
bearing
spectacular
coordination
connector
brad
combo
seniors
worlds
guilty
affiliated
activation
naturally
haven
tablet
jury
dos
tail
subscribers
charm
lawn
violent
mitsubishi
underwear
basin
soup
potentially
ranch
constraints
crossing
inclusive
dimensional
cottage
drunk
considerable
crimes
resolved
mozilla
byte
toner
nose
latex
branches
anymore
oclc
delhi
holdings
alien
locator
selecting
processors
pantyhose
plc
broke
nepal
zimbabwe
difficulties
juan
complexity
msg
constantly
browsing
resolve
barcelona
presidential
documentary
cod
territories
melissa
moscow
thesis
thru
jews
nylon
palestinian
discs
rocky
bargains
frequent
trim
nigeria
ceiling
pixels
ensuring
hispanic
cv
cb
legislature
hospitality
gen
anybody
procurement
diamonds
espn
fleet
untitled
bunch
totals
marriott
singing
theoretical
afford
exercises
starring
referral
nhl
surveillance
optimal
quit
distinct
protocols
lung
highlight
substitute
inclusion
hopefully
brilliant
turner
sucking
cents
reuters
ti
fc
gel
todd
spoken
omega
evaluated
stayed
civic
assignments
fw
manuals
doug
sees
termination
watched
saver
thereof
grill
households
gs
redeem
rogers
grain
aaa
authentic
regime
wanna
wishes
bull
montgomery
architectural
louisville
depend
differ
macintosh
movements
ranging
monica
repairs
breath
amenities
virtually
cole
mart
candle
hanging
colored
authorization
tale
verified
lynn
formerly
projector
bp
situated
comparative
std
seeks
herbal
loving
strictly
routing
docs
stanley
psychological
surprised
retailer
vitamins
elegant
gains
renewal
vid
genealogy
opposed
deemed
scoring
expenditure
panties
brooklyn
liverpool
sisters
critics
connectivity
spots
oo
algorithms
hacker
madrid
similarly
margin
coin
bbw
solely
fake
salon
collaborative
norman
fda
excluding
turbo
headed
voters
cure
madonna
commander
arch
ni
murphy
thinks
thats
suggestion
hdtv
soldier
phillips
asin
aimed
justin
bomb
harm
interval
mirrors
spotlight
tricks
reset
brush
investigate
thy
expansys
panels
repeated
assault
connecting
spare
logistics
deer
kodak
tongue
bowling
tri
danish
pal
monkey
proportion
filename
skirt
florence
invest
honey
um
analyses
drawings
significance
scenario
ye
fs
lovers
atomic
approx
symposium
arabic
gauge
essentials
junction
protecting
nn
faced
mat
rachel
solving
transmitted
weekends
screenshots
produces
oven
ted
intensive
chains
kingston
sixth
engage
deviant
noon
switching
quoted
adapters
correspondence
farms
imports
supervision
cheat
bronze
expenditures
sandy
separation
testimony
suspect
celebrities
macro
sender
mandatory
boundaries
crucial
syndication
gym
celebration
kde
adjacent
filtering
tuition
spouse
exotic
viewer
signup
threats
luxembourg
puzzles
reaching
vb
damaged
cams
receptor
piss
laugh
joel
surgical
destroy
citation
pitch
autos
yo
premises
perry
proved
offensive
imperial
dozen
benjamin
deployment
teeth
cloth
studying
colleagues
stamp
lotus
salmon
olympus
separated
proc
cargo
tan
directive
fx
salem
mate
dl
starter
upgrades
likes
butter
pepper
weapon
luggage
burden
chef
tapes
zones
races
isle
stylish
slim
maple
luke
grocery
offshore
governing
retailers
depot
kenneth
comp
alt
pie
blend
harrison
ls
julie
occasionally
cbs
attending
emission
pete
spec
finest
realty
janet
bow
penn
recruiting
apparent
instructional
phpbb
autumn
traveling
probe
midi
permissions
biotechnology
toilet
ranked
jackets
routes
packed
excited
outreach
helen
mounting
recover
tied
lopez
balanced
prescribed
catherine
timely
talked
upskirts
debug
delayed
chuck
reproduced
hon
dale
explicit
calculation
villas
ebook
consolidated
boob
exclude
peeing
occasions
brooks
equations
newton
oils
sept
exceptional
anxiety
bingo
whilst
spatial
respondents
unto
lt
ceramic
prompt
precious
minds
annually
considerations
scanners
atm
xanax
eq
pays
cox
fingers
sunny
ebooks
delivers
je
queensland
necklace
musicians
leeds
composite
unavailable
cedar
arranged
lang
theaters
advocacy
raleigh
stud
fold
essentially
designing
threaded
uv
qualify
fingering
blair
hopes
assessments
cms
mason
diagram
burns
pumps
slut
ejaculation
footwear
sg
vic
beijing
peoples
victor
mario
pos
attach
licenses
utils
removing
advised
brunswick
spider
phys
ranges
pairs
sensitivity
trails
preservation
hudson
isolated
calgary
interim
assisted
divine
streaming
approve
chose
compound
intensity
technological
syndicate
abortion
dialog
venues
blast
wellness
calcium
newport
antivirus
addressing
pole
discounted
indians
shield
harvest
membrane
prague
previews
bangladesh
constitute
locally
concluded
pickup
desperate
mothers
nascar
iceland
demonstration
governmental
manufactured
candles
graduation
mega
bend
sailing
variations
moms
sacred
addiction
morocco
chrome
tommy
springfield
refused
brake
exterior
greeting
ecology
oliver
congo
glen
botswana
nav
delays
synthesis
olive
undefined
unemployment
cyber
verizon
scored
enhancement
newcastle
clone
dicks
velocity
lambda
relay
composed
tears
performances
oasis
baseline
cab
angry
fa
societies
silicon
brazilian
identical
petroleum
compete
ist
norwegian
lover
belong
honolulu
beatles
lips
escort
retention
exchanges
pond
rolls
thomson
barnes
soundtrack
wondering
malta
daddy
lc
ferry
rabbit
profession
seating
dam
cnn
separately
physiology
lil
collecting
das
exports
omaha
tire
participant
scholarships
recreational
dominican
chad
electron
loads
friendship
heather
passport
motel
unions
treasury
warrant
sys
solaris
frozen
occupied
josh
royalty
scales
rally
observer
sunshine
strain
drag
ceremony
somehow
arrested
expanding
provincial
investigations
icq
ripe
yamaha
rely
medications
hebrew
gained
rochester
dying
laundry
stuck
solomon
placing
stops
homework
adjust
assessed
advertiser
enabling
encryption
filling
downloadable
sophisticated
imposed
silence
scsi
focuses
soviet
possession
cu
laboratories
treaty
vocal
trainer
organ
stronger
volumes
advances
vegetables
lemon
toxic
dns
thumbnails
darkness
pty
ws
nuts
nail
bizrate
vienna
implied
span
stanford
sox
stockings
joke
respondent
packing
statute
rejected
satisfy
destroyed
shelter
chapel
gamespot
manufacture
layers
wordpress
guided
vulnerability
accountability
celebrate
accredited
appliance
compressed
bahamas
powell
mixture
zoophilia
bench
univ
tub
rider
scheduling
radius
perspectives
mortality
logging
hampton
christians
borders
therapeutic
pads
butts
inns
bobby
impressive
sheep
accordingly
architect
railroad
lectures
challenging
wines
nursery
harder
cups
ash
microwave
cheapest
accidents
travesti
relocation
stuart
contributors
salvador
ali
salad
np
monroe
tender
violations
foam
temperatures
paste
clouds
competitions
discretion
tft
tanzania
preserve
jvc
poem
vibrator
unsigned
staying
cosmetics
easter
theories
repository
praise
jeremy
venice
jo
concentrations
vibrators
estonia
christianity
veteran
streams
landing
signing
executed
katie
negotiations
realistic
dt
cgi
showcase
integral
asks
relax
namibia
generating
christina
congressional
synopsis
hardly
prairie
reunion
composer
bean
sword
absent
photographic
sells
ecuador
hoping
accessed
spirits
modifications
coral
pixel
float
colin
bias
imported
paths
bubble
por
acquire
contrary
millennium
tribune
vessel
acids
focusing
viruses
cheaper
admitted
dairy
admit
mem
fancy
equality
samoa
gc
achieving
tap
stickers
fisheries
exceptions
reactions
leasing
lauren
beliefs
ci
macromedia
companion
squad
analyze
ashley
scroll
relate
divisions
swim
wages
additionally
suffer
forests
fellowship
nano
invalid
concerts
martial
males
victorian
retain
colours
execute
tunnel
genres
cambodia
patents
copyrights
yn
chaos
lithuania
mastercard
wheat
chronicles
obtaining
beaver
updating
distribute
readings
decorative
kijiji
confused
compiler
enlargement
eagles
bases
vii
accused
bee
campaigns
unity
loud
conjunction
bride
rats
defines
airports
instances
indigenous
begun
cfr
brunette
packets
anchor
socks
validation
parade
corruption
stat
trigger
incentives
cholesterol
gathered
essex
slovenia
notified
differential
beaches
folders
dramatic
surfaces
terrible
routers
cruz
pendant
dresses
baptist
scientist
starsmerchant
hiring
clocks
arthritis
bios
females
wallace
nevertheless
reflects
taxation
fever
pmc
cuisine
surely
practitioners
transcript
myspace
theorem
inflation
thee
nb
ruth
pray
stylus
compounds
pope
drums
contracting
topless
arnold
structured
reasonably
jeep
chicks
bare
hung
cattle
mba
radical
graduates
rover
recommends
controlling
treasure
reload
distributors
flame
levitra
tanks
assuming
monetary
elderly
pit
arlington
mono
particles
floating
extraordinary
tile
indicating
bolivia
spell
hottest
stevens
coordinate
kuwait
exclusively
emily
alleged
limitation
widescreen
compile
squirting
webster
struck
rx
illustration
plymouth
warnings
construct
apps
inquiries
bridal
annex
mag
gsm
inspiration
tribal
curious
affecting
freight
rebate
meetup
eclipse
sudan
ddr
downloading
rec
shuttle
aggregate
stunning
cycles
affects
forecasts
detect
sluts
actively
ciao
ampland
knee
prep
pb
complicated
chem
fastest
butler
shopzilla
injured
decorating
payroll
cookbook
expressions
ton
courier
uploaded
shakespeare
hints
collapse
americas
connectors
twinks
unlikely
oe
gif
pros
conflicts
techno
beverage
tribute
wired
elvis
immune
latvia
travelers
forestry
barriers
cant
jd
rarely
gpl
infected
offerings
martha
genesis
barrier
argue
incorrect
trains
metals
bicycle
furnishings
letting
arise
guatemala
celtic
thereby
irc
jamie
particle
perception
minerals
advise
humidity
bottles
boxing
wy
dm
bangkok
renaissance
pathology
sara
bra
ordinance
hughes
photographers
bitch
infections
jeffrey
chess
operates
brisbane
configured
survive
oscar
festivals
menus
joan
possibilities
duck
reveal
canal
amino
phi
contributing
herbs
clinics
mls
cow
manitoba
analytical
missions
watson
lying
costumes
strict
dive
saddam
circulation
drill
offense
threesome
bryan
cet
protest
handjob
assumption
jerusalem
hobby
tries
transexuales
invention
nickname
fiji
technician
inline
executives
enquiries
washing
audi
staffing
cognitive
exploring
trick
enquiry
closure
raid
ppc
timber
volt
intense
div
playlist
registrar
showers
supporters
ruling
steady
dirt
statutes
withdrawal
myers
drops
predicted
wider
saskatchewan
jc
cancellation
plugins
enrolled
sensors
screw
ministers
publicly
hourly
blame
geneva
freebsd
veterinary
acer
prostores
reseller
dist
handed
suffered
intake
informal
relevance
incentive
butterfly
tucson
mechanics
heavily
swingers
fifty
headers
mistakes
numerical
ons
geek
uncle
defining
xnxx
counting
reflection
sink
accompanied
assure
invitation
devoted
princeton
jacob
sodium
randy
spirituality
hormone
meanwhile
proprietary
timothy
childrens
brick
grip
naval
thumbzilla
medieval
porcelain
avi
bridges
pichunter
captured
watt
thehun
decent
casting
dayton
translated
shortly
cameron
columnists
pins
carlos
reno
donna
andreas
warrior
diploma
cabin
innocent
bdsm
scanning
ide
consensus
polo
valium
copying
rpg
delivering
cordless
patricia
horn
eddie
uganda
fired
journalism
pd
prot
trivia
adidas
perth
frog
grammar
intention
syria
disagree
klein
harvey
tires
logs
undertaken
tgp
hazard
retro
leo
livesex
statewide
semiconductor
gregory
episodes
boolean
circular
anger
diy
mainland
illustrations
suits
chances
interact
snap
happiness
arg
substantially
bizarre
glenn
ur
auckland
olympics
fruits
identifier
geo
worldsex
ribbon
calculations
doe
jpeg
conducting
startup
suzuki
trinidad
ati
kissing
wal
handy
swap
exempt
crops
reduces
accomplished
calculators
geometry
impression
abs
slovakia
flip
guild
correlation
gorgeous
capitol
sim
dishes
rna
barbados
chrysler
nervous
refuse
extends
fragrance
mcdonald
replica
plumbing
brussels
tribe
neighbors
trades
superb
buzz
transparent
nuke
rid
trinity
charleston
handled
legends
boom
calm
champions
floors
selections
projectors
inappropriate
exhaust
comparing
shanghai
speaks
burton
vocational
davidson
copied
scotia
farming
gibson
pharmacies
fork
troy
ln
roller
introducing
batch
organize
appreciated
alter
nicole
latino
ghana
edges
uc
mixing
handles
skilled
fitted
albuquerque
harmony
distinguished
asthma
projected
assumptions
shareholders
twins
developmental
rip
zope
regulated
triangle
amend
anticipated
oriental
reward
windsor
zambia
completing
gmbh
buf
ld
hydrogen
webshots
sprint
comparable
chick
advocate
sims
confusion
copyrighted
tray
inputs
warranties
genome
escorts
documented
thong
medal
paperbacks
coaches
vessels
harbour
walks
sucks
sol
keyboards
sage
knives
eco
vulnerable
arrange
artistic
bat
honors
booth
indie
reflected
unified
bones
breed
detector
ignored
polar
fallen
precise
sussex
respiratory
notifications
msgid
transexual
mainstream
invoice
evaluating
lip
subcommittee
sap
gather
suse
maternity
backed
alfred
colonial
mf
carey
motels
forming
embassy
cave
journalists
danny
rebecca
slight
proceeds
indirect
amongst
wool
foundations
msgstr
arrest
volleyball
mw
adipex
horizon
nu
deeply
toolbox
ict
marina
liabilities
prizes
bosnia
browsers
decreased
patio
dp
tolerance
surfing
creativity
lloyd
describing
optics
pursue
lightning
overcome
eyed
ou
quotations
grab
inspector
attract
brighton
beans
bookmarks
ellis
disable
snake
succeed
leonard
lending
oops
reminder
nipple
xi
searched
behavioral
riverside
bathrooms
plains
sku
ht
raymond
insights
abilities
initiated
sullivan
za
midwest
karaoke
trap
lonely
fool
ve
nonprofit
lancaster
suspended
hereby
observe
julia
containers
attitudes
karl
berry
collar
simultaneously
racial
integrate
bermuda
amanda
sociology
mobiles
screenshot
exhibitions
kelkoo
confident
retrieved
exhibits
officially
consortium
dies
terrace
bacteria
pts
replied
seafood
novels
rh
rrp
recipients
playboy
ought
delicious
traditions
fg
jail
safely
finite
kidney
periodically
fixes
sends
durable
mazda
allied
throws
moisture
hungarian
roster
referring
symantec
spencer
wichita
nasdaq
uruguay
ooo
hz
transform
timer
tablets
tuning
gotten
educators
tyler
futures
vegetable
verse
highs
humanities
independently
wanting
custody
scratch
launches
ipaq
alignment
masturbating
henderson
bk
britannica
comm
ellen
competitors
nhs
rocket
aye
bullet
towers
racks
lace
nasty
visibility
latitude
consciousness
ste
tumor
ugly
deposits
beverly
mistress
encounter
trustees
watts
duncan
reprints
hart
bernard
resolutions
ment
accessing
forty
tubes
attempted
col
midlands
priest
floyd
ronald
analysts
queue
dx
sk
trance
locale
nicholas
biol
yu
bundle
hammer
invasion
witnesses
runner
rows
administered
notion
sq
skins
mailed
oc
fujitsu
spelling
arctic
exams
rewards
beneath
strengthen
defend
aj
frederick
medicaid
treo
infrared
seventh
gods
une
welsh
belly
aggressive
tex
advertisements
quarters
stolen
cia
sublimedirectory
soonest
haiti
disturbed
determines
sculpture
poly
ears
dod
wp
fist
naturals
neo
motivation
lenders
pharmacology
fitting
fixtures
bloggers
mere
agrees
passengers
quantities
petersburg
consistently
powerpoint
cons
surplus
elder
sonic
obituaries
cheers
dig
taxi
punishment
appreciation
subsequently
om
belarus
nat
zoning
gravity
providence
thumb
restriction
incorporate
backgrounds
treasurer
guitars
essence
flooring
lightweight
ethiopia
tp
mighty
athletes
humanity
transcription
jm
holmes
complications
scholars
dpi
scripting
gis
remembered
galaxy
chester
snapshot
caring
loc
worn
synthetic
shaw
vp
segments
testament
expo
dominant
twist
specifics
itunes
stomach
partially
buried
cn
newbie
minimize
darwin
ranks
wilderness
debut
generations
tournaments
bradley
deny
anatomy
bali
judy
sponsorship
headphones
fraction
trio
proceeding
cube
defects
volkswagen
uncertainty
breakdown
milton
marker
reconstruction
subsidiary
strengths
clarity
rugs
sandra
adelaide
encouraging
furnished
monaco
settled
folding
emirates
terrorists
airfare
comparisons
beneficial
distributions
vaccine
belize
crap
fate
viewpicture
promised
volvo
penny
robust
bookings
threatened
minolta
republicans
discusses
gui
porter
gras
jungle
ver
rn
responded
rim
abstracts
zen
ivory
alpine
dis
prediction
pharmaceuticals
andale
fabulous
remix
alias
thesaurus
individually
battlefield
literally
newer
kay
ecological
spice
oval
implies
cg
soma
ser
cooler
appraisal
consisting
maritime
periodic
submitting
overhead
ascii
prospect
shipment
breeding
citations
geographical
donor
mozambique
tension
href
benz
trash
shapes
wifi
tier
fwd
earl
manor
envelope
diane
homeland
disclaimers
championships
excluded
andrea
breeds
rapids
disco
sheffield
bailey
aus
endif
finishing
emotions
wellington
incoming
prospects
lexmark
cleaners
bulgarian
hwy
eternal
cashiers
guam
cite
aboriginal
remarkable
rotation
nam
preventing
productive
boulevard
eugene
ix
gdp
pig
metric
compliant
minus
penalties
bennett
imagination
hotmail
refurbished
joshua
armenia
varied
grande
closest
activated
actress
mess
conferencing
assign
armstrong
politicians
trackbacks
lit
accommodate
tigers
aurora
una
slides
milan
premiere
lender
villages
shade
chorus
christine
rhythm
digit
argued
dietary
symphony
clarke
sudden
accepting
precipitation
marilyn
lions
findlaw
ada
pools
tb
lyric
claire
isolation
speeds
sustained
matched
approximate
rope
carroll
rational
programmer
fighters
chambers
dump
greetings
inherited
warming
incomplete
vocals
chronicle
fountain
chubby
grave
legitimate
biographies
burner
yrs
foo
investigator
gba
plaintiff
finnish
gentle
bm
prisoners
deeper
muslims
hose
mediterranean
nightlife
footage
howto
worthy
reveals
architects
saints
entrepreneur
carries
sig
freelance
duo
excessive
devon
screensaver
helena
saves
regarded
valuation
unexpected
cigarette
fog
characteristic
marion
lobby
egyptian
tunisia
metallica
outlined
consequently
headline
treating
punch
appointments
str
gotta
cowboy
narrative
bahrain
enormous
karma
consist
betty
queens
academics
pubs
quantitative
shemales
lucas
screensavers
subdivision
tribes
vip
defeat
clicks
distinction
honduras
naughty
hazards
insured
harper
livestock
mardi
exemption
tenant
sustainability
cabinets
tattoo
shake
algebra
shadows
holly
formatting
silly
nutritional
yea
mercy
hartford
freely
marcus
sunrise
wrapping
mild
fur
nicaragua
weblogs
timeline
tar
belongs
rj
readily
affiliation
soc
fence
nudist
infinite
diana
ensures
relatives
lindsay
clan
legally
shame
satisfactory
revolutionary
bracelets
sync
civilian
telephony
mesa
fatal
remedy
realtors
breathing
briefly
thickness
adjustments
graphical
genius
discussing
aerospace
fighter
meaningful
flesh
retreat
adapted
barely
wherever
estates
rug
democrat
borough
maintains
failing
shortcuts
ka
retained
voyeurweb
pamela
andrews
marble
extending
jesse
specifies
hull
logitech
surrey
briefing
belkin
dem
accreditation
wav
blackberry
highland
meditation
modular
microphone
macedonia
combining
brandon
instrumental
giants
organizing
shed
balloon
moderators
winston
memo
ham
solved
tide
kazakhstan
hawaiian
standings
partition
invisible
gratuit
consoles
funk
fbi
qatar
magnet
translations
porsche
cayman
jaguar
reel
sheer
commodity
posing
wang
kilometers
rp
bind
thanksgiving
rand
hopkins
urgent
guarantees
infants
gothic
cylinder
witch
buck
indication
eh
congratulations
tba
cohen
sie
usgs
puppy
kathy
acre
graphs
surround
cigarettes
revenge
expires
enemies
lows
controllers
aqua
chen
emma
consultancy
finances
accepts
enjoying
conventions
eva
patrol
smell
pest
hc
italiano
coordinates
rca
fp
carnival
roughly
sticker
promises
responding
reef
physically
divide
stakeholders
hydrocodone
gst
consecutive
cornell
satin
bon
deserve
attempting
mailto
promo
jj
representations
chan
worried
tunes
garbage
competing
combines
mas
beth
bradford
len
phrases
kai
peninsula
chelsea
boring
reynolds
dom
jill
accurately
speeches
reaches
schema
considers
sofa
catalogs
ministries
vacancies
quizzes
parliamentary
obj
prefix
lucia
savannah
barrel
typing
nerve
dans
planets
deficit
boulder
pointing
renew
coupled
viii
myanmar
metadata
harold
circuits
floppy
texture
handbags
jar
ev
somerset
incurred
acknowledge
thoroughly
antigua
nottingham
thunder
tent
caution
identifies
questionnaire
qualification
locks
modelling
namely
miniature
dept
hack
dare
euros
interstate
pirates
aerial
hawk
consequence
rebel
systematic
perceived
origins
hired
makeup
textile
lamb
madagascar
nathan
tobago
presenting
cos
troubleshooting
uzbekistan
indexes
pac
rl
erp
centuries
gl
magnitude
ui
richardson
hindu
dh
fragrances
vocabulary
licking
earthquake
vpn
fundraising
fcc
markers
weights
albania
geological
assessing
lasting
wicked
eds
introduces
kills
roommate
webcams
pushed
webmasters
ro
df
computational
acdbentity
participated
junk
handhelds
wax
lucy
answering
hans
impressed
slope
reggae
failures
poet
conspiracy
surname
theology
nails
evident
whats
rides
rehab
epic
saturn
organizer
nut
allergy
sake
twisted
combinations
preceding
merit
enzyme
cumulative
zshops
planes
edmonton
tackle
disks
condo
pokemon
amplifier
ambien
arbitrary
prominent
retrieve
lexington
vernon
sans
worldcat
titanium
irs
fairy
builds
contacted
shaft
lean
bye
cdt
recorders
occasional
leslie
casio
deutsche
ana
postings
innovations
kitty
postcards
dude
drain
monte
fires
algeria
blessed
luis
reviewing
cardiff
cornwall
favors
potato
panic
explicitly
sticks
leone
transsexual
ez
citizenship
excuse
reforms
basement
onion
strand
pf
sandwich
uw
lawsuit
alto
informative
girlfriend
bloomberg
cheque
hierarchy
influenced
banners
reject
eau
abandoned
bd
circles
italic
beats
merry
mil
scuba
gore
complement
cult
dash
passive
mauritius
valued
cage
checklist
bangbus
requesting
courage
verde
lauderdale
scenarios
gazette
hitachi
divx
extraction
batman
elevation
hearings
coleman
hugh
lap
utilization
beverages
calibration
jake
eval
efficiently
anaheim
ping
textbook
dried
entertaining
prerequisite
luther
frontier
settle
stopping
refugees
knights
hypothesis
palmer
medicines
flux
derby
sao
peaceful
altered
pontiac
regression
doctrine
scenic
trainers
muze
enhancements
renewable
intersection
passwords
sewing
consistency
collectors
conclude
recognised
munich
oman
celebs
gmc
propose
hh
azerbaijan
lighter
rage
adsl
uh
prix
astrology
advisors
pavilion
tactics
trusts
occurring
supplemental
travelling
talented
annie
pillow
induction
derek
precisely
shorter
harley
spreading
provinces
relying
finals
paraguay
steal
parcel
refined
fd
bo
fifteen
widespread
incidence
fears
predict
boutique
acrylic
rolled
tuner
avon
incidents
peterson
rays
asn
shannon
toddler
enhancing
flavor
alike
walt
homeless
horrible
hungry
metallic
acne
blocked
interference
warriors
palestine
listprice
libs
undo
cadillac
atmospheric
malawi
wm
pk
sagem
knowledgestorm
dana
halo
ppm
curtis
parental
referenced
strikes
lesser
publicity
marathon
ant
proposition
gays
pressing
gasoline
apt
dressed
scout
belfast
exec
dealt
niagara
inf
eos
warcraft
charms
catalyst
trader
bucks
allowance
vcr
denial
uri
designation
thrown
prepaid
raises
gem
duplicate
electro
criterion
badge
wrist
civilization
analyzed
vietnamese
heath
tremendous
ballot
lexus
varying
remedies
validity
trustee
maui
handjobs
weighted
angola
squirt
performs
plastics
realm
corrected
jenny
helmet
salaries
postcard
elephant
yemen
encountered
tsunami
scholar
nickel
internationally
surrounded
psi
buses
expedia
geology
pct
wb
creatures
coating
commented
wallet
cleared
smilies
vids
accomplish
boating
drainage
shakira
corners
broader
vegetarian
rouge
yeast
yale
newfoundland
sn
qld
pas
clearing
investigated
dk
ambassador
coated
intend
stephanie
contacting
vegetation
doom
findarticles
louise
kenny
specially
owen
routines
hitting
yukon
beings
bite
issn
aquatic
reliance
habits
striking
myth
infectious
podcasts
singh
gig
gilbert
sas
ferrari
continuity
brook
fu
outputs
phenomenon
ensemble
insulin
assured
biblical
weed
conscious
accent
mysimon
eleven
wives
ambient
utilize
mileage
oecd
prostate
adaptor
auburn
unlock
hyundai
pledge
vampire
angela
relates
nitrogen
xerox
dice
merger
softball
referrals
quad
dock
differently
firewire
mods
nextel
framing
organised
musician
blocking
rwanda
sorts
integrating
vsnet
limiting
dispatch
revisions
papua
restored
hint
armor
riders
chargers
remark
dozens
varies
msie
reasoning
wn
liz
rendered
picking
charitable
guards
annotated
ccd
sv
convinced
openings
buys
burlington
replacing
researcher
watershed
councils
occupations
acknowledged
nudity
kruger
pockets
granny
pork
zu
equilibrium
viral
inquire
pipes
characterized
laden
aruba
cottages
realtor
merge
privilege
edgar
develops
qualifying
chassis
dubai
estimation
barn
pushing
llp
fleece
pediatric
boc
fare
dg
asus
pierce
allan
dressing
techrepublic
sperm
vg
bald
filme
craps
fuji
frost
leon
institutes
mold
dame
fo
sally
yacht
tracy
prefers
drilling
brochures
herb
tmp
alot
ate
breach
whale
traveller
appropriations
suspected
tomatoes
benchmark
beginners
instructors
highlighted
bedford
stationery
idle
mustang
unauthorized
clusters
antibody
competent
momentum
fin
wiring
io
pastor
mud
calvin
uni
shark
contributor
demonstrates
phases
grateful
emerald
gradually
laughing
grows
cliff
desirable
tract
ul
ballet
ol
journalist
abraham
js
bumper
afterwards
webpage
religions
garlic
hostels
shine
senegal
explosion
pn
banned
wendy
briefs
signatures
diffs
cove
mumbai
ozone
disciplines
casa
mu
daughters
conversations
radios
tariff
nvidia
opponent
pasta
simplified
muscles
serum
wrapped
swift
motherboard
runtime
inbox
focal
bibliographic
vagina
eden
distant
incl
champagne
ala
decimal
hq
deviation
superintendent
propecia
dip
nbc
samba
hostel
housewives
employ
mongolia
penguin
magical
influences
inspections
irrigation
miracle
manually
reprint
reid
wt
hydraulic
centered
robertson
flex
yearly
penetration
wound
belle
rosa
conviction
hash
omissions
writings
hamburg
lazy
mv
mpg
retrieval
qualities
cindy
lolita
fathers
carb
charging
cas
marvel
lined
cio
dow
prototype
importantly
rb
petite
apparatus
upc
terrain
dui
pens
explaining
yen
strips
gossip
rangers
nomination
empirical
mh
rotary
worm
dependence
discrete
beginner
boxed
lid
sexuality
polyester
cubic
deaf
commitments
suggesting
sapphire
kinase
skirts
mats
remainder
crawford
labeled
privileges
televisions
specializing
marking
commodities
pvc
serbia
sheriff
griffin
declined
guyana
spies
blah
mime
neighbor
motorcycles
elect
highways
thinkpad
concentrate
intimate
reproductive
preston
deadly
cunt
feof
bunny
chevy
molecules
rounds
longest
refrigerator
tions
intervals
sentences
dentists
usda
exclusion
workstation
holocaust
keen
flyer
peas
dosage
receivers
urls
customise
disposition
variance
navigator
investigators
cameroon
baking
marijuana
adaptive
computed
needle
baths
enb
gg
cathedral
brakes
og
nirvana
ko
fairfield
owns
til
invision
sticky
destiny
generous
madness
emacs
climb
blowing
fascinating
landscapes
heated
lafayette
jackie
wto
computation
hay
cardiovascular
ww
sparc
cardiac
salvation
dover
adrian
predictions
accompanying
vatican
brutal
learners
gd
selective
arbitration
configuring
token
editorials
zinc
sacrifice
seekers
guru
isa
removable
convergence
yields
gibraltar
levy
suited
numeric
anthropology
skating
kinda
aberdeen
emperor
grad
malpractice
dylan
bras
belts
blacks
educated
rebates
reporters
burke
proudly
pix
necessity
rendering
mic
inserted
pulling
basename
kyle
obesity
curves
suburban
touring
clara
vertex
bw
hepatitis
nationally
tomato
andorra
waterproof
expired
mj
travels
flush
waiver
pale
specialties
hayes
humanitarian
invitations
functioning
delight
survivor
garcia
cingular
economies
alexandria
bacterial
moses
counted
undertake
declare
continuously
johns
valves
gaps
impaired
achievements
donors
tear
jewel
teddy
lf
convertible
ata
teaches
ventures
nil
bufing
stranger
tragedy
julian
nest
pam
dryer
painful
velvet
tribunal
ruled
nato
pensions
prayers
funky
secretariat
nowhere
cop
paragraphs
gale
joins
adolescent
nominations
wesley
dim
lately
cancelled
scary
mattress
mpegs
brunei
likewise
banana
introductory
slovak
cakes
stan
reservoir
occurrence
idol
bloody
mixer
remind
wc
worcester
sbjct
demographic
charming
mai
tooth
disciplinary
annoying
respected
stays
disclose
affair
drove
washer
upset
restrict
springer
beside
mines
portraits
rebound
logan
mentor
interpreted
evaluations
fought
baghdad
elimination
metres
hypothetical
immigrants
complimentary
helicopter
pencil
freeze
hk
performer
abu
titled
commissions
sphere
powerseller
moss
ratios
concord
graduated
endorsed
ty
surprising
walnut
lance
ladder
italia
unnecessary
dramatically
liberia
sherman
cork
maximize
cj
hansen
senators
workout
mali
yugoslavia
bleeding
characterization
colon
likelihood
lanes
purse
fundamentals
contamination
mtv
endangered
compromise
masturbation
optimize
stating
dome
caroline
leu
expiration
namespace
align
peripheral
bless
engaging
negotiation
crest
opponents
triumph
nominated
confidentiality
electoral
changelog
welding
orgasm
deferred
alternatively
heel
alloy
condos
plots
polished
yang
gently
greensboro
tulsa
locking
casey
controversial
draws
fridge
blanket
bloom
qc
simpsons
lou
elliott
recovered
fraser
justify
upgrading
blades
pgp
loops
surge
frontpage
trauma
aw
tahoe
advert
possess
demanding
defensive
sip
flashers
subaru
forbidden
tf
vanilla
programmers
pj
monitored
installations
deutschland
picnic
souls
arrivals
spank
cw
practitioner
motivated
wr
dumb
smithsonian
hollow
vault
securely
examining
fioricet
groove
revelation
rg
pursuit
delegation
wires
bl
dictionaries
mails
backing
greenhouse
sleeps
vc
blake
transparency
dee
travis
wx
endless
figured
orbit
currencies
niger
bacon
survivors
positioning
heater
colony
cannon
circus
promoted
forbes
mae
moldova
mel
descending
paxil
spine
trout
enclosed
feat
temporarily
ntsc
cooked
thriller
transmit
apnic
fatty
gerald
pressed
frequencies
scanned
reflections
hunger
mariah
sic
municipality
usps
joyce
detective
surgeon
cement
experiencing
fireplace
endorsement
bg
planners
disputes
textiles
missile
intranet
closes
seq
psychiatry
persistent
deborah
conf
marco
assists
summaries
glow
gabriel
auditor
wma
aquarium
violin
prophet
cir
bracket
looksmart
isaac
oxide
oaks
magnificent
erik
colleague
naples
promptly
modems
adaptation
hu
harmful
paintball
prozac
sexually
enclosure
acm
dividend
newark
kw
paso
glucose
phantom
norm
playback
supervisors
westminster
turtle
ips
distances
absorption
treasures
dsc
warned
neural
ware
fossil
mia
hometown
badly
transcripts
apollo
wan
disappointed
persian
continually
communist
collectible
handmade
greene
entrepreneurs
robots
grenada
creations
jade
scoop
acquisitions
foul
keno
gtk
earning
mailman
sanyo
nested
biodiversity
excitement
somalia
movers
verbal
blink
presently
seas
carlo
workflow
mysterious
novelty
bryant
tiles
voyuer
librarian
subsidiaries
switched
stockholm
tamil
garmin
ru
pose
fuzzy
indonesian
grams
therapist
richards
mrna
budgets
toolkit
promising
relaxation
goat
render
carmen
ira
sen
thereafter
hardwood
erotica
temporal
sail
forge
commissioners
dense
dts
brave
forwarding
qt
awful
nightmare
airplane
reductions
southampton
istanbul
impose
organisms
sega
telescope
viewers
asbestos
portsmouth
cdna
meyer
enters
pod
savage
advancement
wu
harassment
willow
resumes
bolt
gage
throwing
existed
whore
generators
lu
wagon
barbie
dat
favour
soa
knock
urge
smtp
generates
potatoes
thorough
replication
inexpensive
kurt
receptors
peers
roland
optimum
neon
interventions
quilt
huntington
creature
ours
mounts
syracuse
internship
lone
refresh
aluminium
snowboard
beastality
webcast
michel
evanescence
subtle
coordinated
notre
shipments
maldives
stripes
firmware
antarctica
cope
shepherd
lm
canberra
cradle
chancellor
mambo
lime
kirk
flour
controversy
legendary
bool
sympathy
choir
avoiding
beautifully
blond
expects
cho
jumping
fabrics
antibodies
polymer
hygiene
wit
poultry
virtue
burst
examinations
surgeons
bouquet
immunology
promotes
mandate
wiley
departmental
bbs
spas
ind
corpus
johnston
terminology
gentleman
fibre
reproduce
convicted
shades
jets
indices
roommates
adware
qui
intl
threatening
spokesman
zoloft
activists
frankfurt
prisoner
daisy
halifax
encourages
ultram
cursor
assembled
earliest
donated
stuffed
restructuring
insects
terminals
crude
morrison
maiden
simulations
cz
sufficiently
examines
viking
myrtle
bored
cleanup
yarn
knit
conditional
mug
crossword
bother
budapest
conceptual
knitting
attacked
hl
bhutan
liechtenstein
mating
compute
redhead
arrives
translator
automobiles
tractor
allah
continent
ob
unwrap
fares
longitude
resist
challenged
telecharger
hoped
pike
safer
insertion
instrumentation
ids
hugo
wagner
constraint
groundwater
touched
strengthening
cologne
gzip
wishing
ranger
smallest
insulation
newman
marsh
ricky
ctrl
scared
theta
infringement
bent
laos
subjective
monsters
asylum
lightbox
robbie
stake
cocktail
outlets
swaziland
varieties
arbor
mediawiki
configurations
poison
ethnicity
dominated
costly
derivatives
prevents
stitch
lesotho
rifle
severity
rfid
notable
warfare
retailing
judiciary
embroidery
mama
inland
oscommerce
nonfiction
homeowners
racism
greenland
interpret
accord
vaio
modest
gamers
slr
licensee
countryside
sorting
liaison
bisexual
rel
unused
bulbs
ign
consuming
installer
tourists
sandals
powershot
bestselling
insure
packaged
behaviors
clarify
seconded
activate
waist
attributed
tg
seychelles
pv
fatigue
owl
patriot
sewer
crystals
kathleen
bosch
forthcoming
sandisk
num
treats
marino
detention
carson
vitro
exceeds
complementary
cosponsors
gallon
coil
battles
hyatt
traders
carlton
bitter
memorandum
burned
cardinal
dragons
converting
romeo
din
burundi
incredibly
delegates
turks
roma
demos
balancing
btw
att
vet
sided
claiming
psychiatric
tittens
teenagers
courtyard
presidents
offenders
depart
grading
cuban
tenants
expressly
distinctive
lily
brackets
unofficial
oversight
valentines
vonage
privately
wetlands
minded
resin
allies
twilight
preserved
crossed
kensington
monterey
linen
rita
quicktime
ascending
seals
nominal
alicia
decay
weaknesses
underwater
quartz
registers
eighth
pbs
usher
herbert
authorised
improves
advocates
phenomena
buffet
deciding
skate
vanuatu
joey
erotik
hackers
tilt
supportive
vw
granite
repeatedly
lynch
masses
transformed
athlete
targeting
franc
bead
enforce
preschool
similarity
landlord
leak
timor
dw
assorted
hm
implements
jl
adviser
hg
flats
compelling
vouchers
megapixel
booklet
expecting
cancun
heels
voter
reimbursement
turnover
urine
cheryl
radeon
capri
towel
ginger
italicized
suburbs
imagery
chromosome
optimized
sears
als
ffl
flies
upgraded
competence
colorful
inadequate
crying
matthews
amateurs
crane
defendants
deployed
governed
considerably
investigating
rotten
popup
mk
garnet
habit
bulb
scattered
honour
useless
protects
northwestern
audiences
iris
coupe
hal
benin
ppp
bach
manages
erosion
oceania
abundance
carpenter
khan
insufficient
highlands
peters
fertility
formulation
clever
primer
che
lords
bu
tends
fresno
enjoyable
handbag
crescent
bypass
freshman
ies
playground
negotiate
logout
sixty
exploit
orgies
boyfriend
permanently
concentrated
distinguish
ei
hogtied
projections
wl
spark
illustrate
lin
clipart
patience
securing
pathway
detectors
newsgroups
shallow
stir
spike
plated
jacques
drawer
ingredient
togo
spectra
lifting
judith
curtain
disclosed
davies
tactical
pilots
mailbox
copenhagen
expedition
pile
operative
humour
athlon
maturity
caller
iq
distortion
prosecution
het
landscaping
tonga
mol
imprint
korn
natalie
receipts
assisting
shirley
sanctions
directv
goodbye
viable
emerged
deviantart
defect
qa
poorly
goddess
backs
observers
magnets
formulas
spacious
shoulders
nas
argues
wade
soils
chapman
organs
det
loyalty
beloved
sometime
ballard
beating
faithful
hunks
appellant
libya
offence
xsl
invested
whatsoever
numbered
terminated
expands
lithium
sedan
pony
ctr
comprises
leap
bolton
founding
swan
planting
alphabetically
facials
covenant
dropping
calories
airways
archaeology
refill
reagan
sailor
fittings
lining
banquet
cares
sanctuary
flora
kazaa
einstein
pornstar
statue
hilary
quotation
equals
hardy
vcd
jumper
caravan
diagrams
harness
majors
headsets
manipulation
bells
vascular
alongside
impressions
yankees
toxicity
forwarded
sz
gal
transmitter
dorothy
freeman
denim
greenville
andre
scat
ems
neighborhoods
puppies
relaxing
delphi
trophy
emotion
buick
slipknot
nets
sights
uniforms
mst
residual
disasters
asterisk
versatile
liquor
kindergarten
profitable
wounded
clayton
bf
bash
derivative
suffolk
ngos
necklaces
storesshop
tot
occupancy
postgraduate
doses
educate
baked
glove
daytona
wastewater
prejudice
herzegovina
constructor
technicians
debbie
probable
issuance
sj
baldwin
mbps
incorporation
rem
evolutionary
arriving
decoration
nationals
trojan
assistants
counselor
spinal
ij
eliminated
alito
sooner
struggling
enacted
waterfront
tenure
plush
weber
diagnosed
biotech
unstable
turkmenistan
elk
woodland
iranian
nelly
fulfill
urged
reflecting
unsecured
brent
gaining
kyoto
cis
definitive
eb
appropriately
shifts
inactive
lansing
traveled
barcode
adapt
extracted
accession
patterson
xd
regulator
carriage
therein
terminate
rex
fuels
txt
postcode
traditionally
withdraw
soy
brett
makefile
anchorage
ansi
paula
vicodin
landmark
greens
neat
naming
stern
shawn
suv
lacrosse
bentley
bud
slaves
dentist
utilizing
mis
crafted
burkina
eritrea
bbq
tutor
idiot
comprised
winnipeg
charities
mickey
wh
debit
sebastian
aliens
domino
dmx
edits
unwanted
raven
defeated
strains
dwelling
slice
xr
tanning
bn
gambia
aspen
lacking
symbolic
noaa
cest
objectionable
angles
lemma
kyrgyzstan
pressures
webb
sensing
mediation
venus
postgresql
bump
cowboys
flames
primitive
kbps
auf
trac
stocking
esp
dolby
balloons
ecosystem
pkg
dashboard
malcolm
nikki
georgetown
technorati
esl
norwich
halls
alzheimer
decorations
pause
simplicity
postscript
dividends
relaxed
periodicals
pearson
demon
welcomed
jk
infinity
wk
handler
gabon
notation
chandler
aunt
interviewed
crow
semantic
dia
discontinued
concurrent
decides
caption
bargaining
globalization
atv
vga
atari
complain
pulmonary
adhesive
toledo
asses
altitude
compass
closet
sch
reebok
couch
evolved
downs
mfg
exceeding
jb
rogue
unfair
blogthis
electronically
inspirational
augusta
wilmington
infantry
faso
renowned
corridor
philosophical
scripture
celebrating
sahara
justification
rebuild
sdram
vacant
manuscript
fixing
motherboards
gram
blk
hiding
methodist
inherent
dye
sits
alphabet
shelves
toes
cleaned
honored
optic
hannah
jw
telephones
tailored
insect
frances
diaries
chili
grief
leicester
vodafone
sweat
dolphin
pendants
wonders
romanian
xt
ventilation
ucla
masks
celeb
bust
lateral
assoc
quake
palo
usability
alley
gardner
backyard
sanders
pathways
telegraph
pertaining
novell
memorable
refunds
newsroom
tina
professors
kia
monument
taxpayer
fb
formally
cola
twain
ile
boise
bsd
nevis
saab
dew
lavender
refinancing
justified
withdrawn
breeze
debates
gems
cert
buffy
doctoral
backpack
npr
identities
outgoing
mann
tajikistan
yankee
sheraton
outs
snacks
deficiency
booster
taxable
gum
progression
adv
saddle
malaria
loyal
torrent
imc
ufo
linksys
dentistry
renal
fedora
odyssey
spite
nero
capita
nyse
guideline
imply
inaccuracies
tendency
caledonia
freezer
wholly
chill
utilized
embrace
pcr
bnet
ein
binoculars
liner
manila
auxiliary
initiate
ua
elevated
purely
demographics
fry
lifts
vivid
enroll
allegations
stationary
corresponds
daemon
foil
whitney
celebrated
buddies
alarms
hunters
roi
allison
kc
crashes
stairs
outlines
steroids
kt
pogo
acted
konica
hotline
amps
byron
critique
accountants
coefficient
honestly
transvestite
upstream
skull
continuation
carnegie
digg
servant
falcon
jointly
canadians
avoided
comprising
tick
ladyboy
terrier
listened
explanations
renewed
hussein
incorporating
variant
riley
biochemistry
duplication
equatorial
critic
sediment
translators
squares
scottsdale
ninja
tj
avalon
deg
bot
lea
vans
od
voucher
tw
honeymoon
percussion
glue
wheelchair
gw
cone
margins
sands
survived
spinning
epidemiology
adequately
pentagon
spectral
diabetic
stressed
libdevel
prevalence
dominica
contaminated
fragment
dvi
finishes
lecturer
biomedical
embroidered
bucket
steak
gameboy
commits
cobra
subset
gucci
threw
sutton
djibouti
https
websphere
authorize
cheney
zombie
decorated
credited
cherokee
recycled
apo
ao
followup
recruit
simmons
nih
gals
hoc
hdd
bidders
wherein
simulator
appearances
performers
dessert
dissertation
exporters
walsh
ninth
mutant
nos
marry
blankets
enthusiasm
confusing
celebrations
approaching
bounce
ivan
spiral
ssh
governors
weakness
authoring
specializes
wills
katherine
atoms
jacobs
mauritania
tissues
reminded
irvine
drake
olds
ramp
jakarta
cynthia
roosevelt
practicing
schmidt
nicely
surprisingly
expressing
della
laurel
carolyn
rails
tl
pgsql
fried
cairo
ambulance
practically
traded
signaling
vivo
malls
domination
shrimp
jensen
chords
impairment
scooter
molecule
dedication
wap
desires
woody
dismissed
mcgraw
lr
cheerleader
cried
psychic
cracks
edu
lotion
analyzing
substrate
sincerely
mmc
beaten
piercing
ashanti
antilles
homemade
ukrainian
establishments
marginal
visions
efficacy
freshwater
topical
prestige
cocaine
accelerated
pinnacle
tucker
rms
recognizes
plugs
isdn
responsive
coded
supra
omitted
molly
proximity
ku
alcatel
belonging
unbiased
pear
suriname
chiefs
franz
collision
supplementary
parkway
femdom
palau
clue
scandal
duff
lodges
dangers
lys
ck
bonuses
scam
travellers
gia
scream
biking
discrepancies
pirate
microsystems
timeout
senses
aerosmith
repeats
resellers
willie
portfolios
rival
ops
slower
simulated
culinary
fairfax
beck
semantics
huh
scarface
accountant
beige
auditing
rolex
propaganda
amplifiers
offender
waterloo
warwick
coli
executable
pentax
restart
rounded
boarding
vanity
mitigation
tome
prof
overstock
homer
eps
daylight
macdonald
hmm
gases
dependency
dioxide
fireworks
genus
approached
catching
cutter
connects
ont
explores
liberals
aperture
roofing
dixon
elastic
melody
sins
cousin
hath
torque
recalls
consultations
memberships
debts
renting
icann
ticketmaster
cdc
meridia
phillip
burial
balcony
prescriptions
hsn
prop
avril
willis
myths
camden
coupling
knees
oncology
neglect
emerge
nf
winchester
clutch
shy
poets
woven
bloglines
auditorium
pedro
maid
sid
carrie
audioslave
towels
wikimedia
canterbury
lipitor
remodeling
trent
redhat
barber
intuitive
rigid
enom
sta
degradation
ret
haha
orthodox
erin
ferguson
coordinating
holistic
salsa
fragments
encarta
mariana
qualitative
claude
minorities
childcare
dvr
blown
diffusion
baton
cdn
polynesia
barton
umbrella
soundtracks
napster
rods
wong
stimulation
abbey
pigs
debugging
olivia
rechargeable
engineered
jerseys
refugee
pw
straps
maya
discourse
lancashire
superstore
headache
stained
marital
socialist
hex
wg
bruno
attracted
undertaking
slavery
notwithstanding
blogroll
evite
feasible
romans
micronesia
credibility
shores
fest
thames
flowing
dreamweaver
diets
montenegro
deed
sauna
whirlpool
perfumes
sustain
mechanic
bauer
eliminating
rejection
multiplayer
crt
caicos
bowls
qaeda
dissemination
shareholder
cardinals
kitts
cosmic
dawson
tivo
defective
deletion
lengths
beacon
hoover
ptr
macau
politically
elective
forensic
botanical
quartet
mudvayne
ceramics
suspense
drafting
cruel
observing
freestyle
advertised
commencement
southwestern
conform
helmets
organizers
firing
smartphone
eager
cmd
denise
hypertension
searchable
touching
aguilera
vacancy
servicing
papa
settlements
strawberry
chang
gloria
counselling
elevator
pupil
feast
ecards
maggie
redemption
profound
canton
nina
acura
registering
seth
warn
conservatives
clit
bonnie
laying
cops
provisional
compiling
fedex
strive
snowboarding
releasing
laserjet
martinique
shells
painter
cooker
ankle
peso
leagues
monkeys
historically
lego
transitions
prevented
digits
err
banker
sup
easiest
microbiology
borrow
internships
bamboo
lv
denotes
communicating
sgh
ki
vectors
decks
craigslist
vibration
stepped
vent
blunt
protector
hamas
aux
react
understands
rises
shane
issuing
heaters
accents
insane
buddha
voyage
een
rdf
colonel
transitional
mozart
acceleration
sketch
hoffman
bj
balances
firearms
nightly
visualization
pitt
deduction
dancer
coats
pol
capsules
hyde
firmly
doo
dots
pursuing
newswire
aston
hf
spermshack
mugs
brokerage
washed
overtime
staind
resonance
mosaic
rhodes
fiesta
wd
sourcing
vase
filings
forcing
fairs
flute
durability
boeing
sizing
exceeded
meadows
hindi
presley
harsh
outfit
godsmack
labeling
substitution
whois
burma
cease
deserves
aboard
paradigm
msc
irving
perfection
joints
overwhelming
linguistics
snmp
standardized
liu
poles
gta
bounds
lyon
nutrients
kosovo
santiago
vera
advising
altogether
devils
dignity
europa
barbuda
wondered
cheshire
boyd
sliding
accumulation
napa
descriptive
abt
inst
feasibility
nickelback
lj
negotiating
homo
pier
sioux
nazi
cote
premiums
jenna
arrays
lutheran
syllabus
rgb
fellows
valencia
superman
rodriguez
perkins
animations
ideally
activism
splash
fargo
chairperson
equip
saga
reged
leverage
probation
sgt
ast
gran
commissioned
hedge
ke
anguilla
fender
violet
dancers
mutation
radisson
envelopes
apc
alle
compulsory
hitler
favorable
rue
handset
preparations
maxwell
illustrates
inheritance
curry
vulnerabilities
pga
oblique
pearls
worms
activist
palestinians
satisfying
ldap
succeeded
prerequisites
maintainer
apples
elf
dewey
surviving
pouch
advent
proposes
hooks
ces
exploitation
singers
mayo
tasmania
mansion
benq
cha
surrender
lx
schneider
accumulated
arsenal
dub
screws
pyramid
enjoys
bv
hacking
stripe
knoxville
averages
peaks
tai
como
lisp
limousine
churchill
mentoring
pak
affirmative
keynote
mos
didnt
classrooms
planted
petitioner
residency
spoon
bombs
niche
deadlines
fortunately
tk
cigar
vis
calculating
erie
berkshire
bookshop
proportional
credentials
deprecated
nonetheless
municipalities
chin
locker
jenkins
squash
expectation
severely
spotted
curse
hifi
gf
ajax
coconut
interrupt
conductor
wont
liberation
forex
diagnostics
grandfather
removes
ew
luxurious
titan
dreamcast
tumors
booked
anita
indirectly
nile
vm
blessing
lumber
kyocera
pillows
portals
illustrator
asleep
potassium
prompted
shout
nudes
rationale
hubs
pasadena
presidency
abnormal
bissau
delicate
convince
whoever
subway
hpa
straw
lifted
mankind
uncertain
fgets
citrus
paramount
cameltoe
upright
breakfasts
inspectors
emergencies
reuse
ernest
sightseeing
shocked
therapies
alcoholic
bakery
lieutenant
orchid
histories
loses
widget
renault
atkins
variability
comoros
suede
observatory
soda
waited
preventive
peach
calculus
stefan
selector
gop
breathe
diaper
dunn
hotwire
ngo
smiling
ounces
pvt
economically
uncut
intact
noting
shifting
samurai
atp
moines
subtotal
coefficients
duplex
ivy
mvp
delegate
lightly
negotiated
jh
analyzer
herman
congestion
runners
stove
charset
clin
accidental
talents
nixon
refuge
brady
guadeloupe
nutrient
walton
zhang
underway
carved
ark
freak
obstacles
govt
cbc
preferably
bluff
excerpts
jasper
formatted
sed
newborn
sadly
laughed
gorillaz
avail
emerson
regulate
orchard
inhibitors
uu
mythology
prestigious
deploy
trousers
gameplay
hatch
replaces
tomb
regina
stein
shortage
privileged
spill
goodness
drift
extracts
professions
explored
autism
mysteries
fuller
taxpayers
martinez
bombing
decreases
wwe
metrics
winxp
crisp
inability
cor
goo
coronary
bldg
mediated
prom
scans
keeper
reinforced
johannesburg
spells
specifying
vaginal
buddhist
isps
inevitable
etiquette
rookie
environ
nic
theatrical
coloured
births
kr
cubs
interdisciplinary
wheeler
ritual
miguel
kerala
pulp
onset
interpreter
enzymes
specimens
initiation
analytics
assay
jacuzzi
reconciliation
pots
lesbianas
recognizing
parser
leigh
razr
slam
jt
respects
tents
plaque
accounted
deposited
lowe
beavers
crib
styling
snack
defending
pulls
autonomous
weezer
granting
motoring
appropriation
randomly
condensed
philippine
theological
quietly
semiconductors
scenery
coca
acs
peugeot
bollywood
mentally
horoscopes
drying
assemblies
noun
xmas
silicone
collateral
cpa
learner
welcomes
dn
swallow
tara
transplant
scoreboard
proliferation
usenet
squid
marines
hw
lighthouse
proves
customised
trilogy
crab
jen
brightness
maurice
brooke
consumed
maxim
hike
bore
imdb
depreciation
clic
technically
ars
pharmacist
marley
enjoyment
typepad
cows
xs
deliveries
recruiters
austrian
correspond
slate
suzanne
confined
screaming
inhabitants
straightforward
delighted
cygwin
morton
peel
gprs
cue
jupiter
simultaneous
monopoly
png
pornography
debris
han
intentions
robotics
pagan
chopped
widow
contexts
sac
peg
randall
benson
sleeves
troubled
footnote
vibrant
evolving
sweater
approximation
skies
barrett
init
burners
alison
fitzgerald
kicks
disappeared
canoe
svn
sovereign
reminds
organism
corrupt
violated
correspondent
drought
bake
hurricanes
oslo
symptom
laughter
foreclosures
propagation
audits
ignorance
pesticides
explosive
inventor
scaling
juicy
fave
residues
ashlee
moody
viet
fashioned
grains
vicinity
thyroid
purification
heal
orbitz
southeastern
wizards
horoscope
invasive
prosperity
rainfall
helsinki
hardback
mum
launching
vuitton
nextag
pedal
inconsistent
plantation
storing
asa
tote
jumped
seemingly
tuned
narnia
passionate
alfa
staples
twp
mayer
backward
sour
geoff
rename
atx
markup
combustion
breakthrough
scrap
ietf
administer
bilateral
bella
blondes
beneficiaries
disposable
williamson
sock
gentlemen
copier
uncategorized
terra
literal
questioned
guiding
charcoal
xm
vapor
beware
aloud
glorious
geforce
overlap
handsome
defaults
foreclosure
clarification
grounded
bail
goose
espresso
fn
judgement
cruiser
hendrix
cumberland
gifted
esteem
cascade
endorse
strokes
shelby
hen
homeowner
ancestry
mib
dolphins
adopting
landed
nucleus
tees
detached
scouts
warsaw
ib
mist
glu
winnt
verb
tec
chic
hydro
nonlinear
spokane
objection
phosphate
playa
gh
noisy
csi
abide
radioactive
sentinel
birthdays
desserts
doi
socio
pcmcia
preserving
vest
neal
economist
grooming
meridian
marriages
regret
validate
stakes
rotating
nederlands
brigade
movable
doubles
bst
bliss
filmography
humiliation
tens
litter
reflective
outerwear
abbreviations
executing
greenwich
flooding
parse
rugged
jelly
dsp
implementations
grandmother
renovation
puma
appoint
attendees
panthers
perceptions
greenwood
ignition
humble
toc
downstream
petrol
midway
mania
edwin
webcasts
ax
accelerator
masterbating
clare
flyers
recognise
tacoma
hostile
aphrodite
radiology
establishes
whites
rant
trapped
bolts
diplomatic
locals
fringe
linguistic
internally
planetary
mms
tungsten
typed
desc
datasheet
laurent
shutdown
ego
manuel
xenical
computerworld
gaza
influenza
gill
tattoos
rude
sang
steele
citing
viewpoint
peptide
nay
sweatshirt
hassle
regents
servants
meanings
conception
unemployed
heavenly
gn
exeter
docket
amusement
dll
elsevier
nordic
middlesex
curl
privat
albanian
overflow
geometric
hastings
subsidies
taxonomy
thirds
deli
willingness
intern
implicit
nsf
patriotic
simplify
darling
schwartz
satan
ornaments
oppose
sata
terrific
xxxx
megan
allergies
definite
bangalore
congregation
regiment
cheer
everett
reviewers
clutter
misleading
marty
predator
vine
vale
whereby
deceased
sparks
xlibs
belgian
adolescents
djs
simpler
captures
coventry
capitalism
hancock
falkland
clamp
cur
pricegrabber
mammals
grape
cloning
args
madden
russ
peppers
deeds
lively
inequality
smugmug
educator
premature
visually
tripod
immigrant
alright
laguna
limo
demonstrations
obsolete
aligned
rust
lon
pesticide
interfere
traps
shuffle
wardrobe
vin
transformers
successes
racer
fabrication
guilt
sweep
nash
exploited
avid
outpatient
bladder
lam
inflammatory
iss
immunity
encrypted
bets
wholesalers
doyle
ducks
coldfusion
dcr
shooter
switchboard
paints
vince
neighbourhood
cheating
carr
fade
fluorescent
tastes
cookware
storms
lavigne
param
smiled
jurisdictions
scrutiny
regeneration
lunar
differentiation
shields
environmentally
nonsense
invented
gradient
ncbi
inserts
kvm
elaine
programmable
posed
subjected
tasting
bibtex
chemotherapy
gwen
mob
expose
borrowing
arises
imf
vr
precautions
branded
dysfunction
manning
lisbon
forks
monk
boxer
shining
livejournal
diazepam
weigh
rodeo
clerical
voyager
hobart
sampler
moose
jovi
timetable
dorset
corrosion
positioned
checker
buenos
workstations
conscience
crush
cathy
mystic
solicitation
darren
cmp
rectangular
fischer
pooh
enthusiast
udp
positively
sts
shaping
ich
afghan
inspire
paulo
torn
meantime
pumping
patented
revival
disappear
lever
redundant
regency
milfseeker
tasty
sbc
midland
gag
synchronization
mccarthy
informatics
oakley
heck
rants
tarot
didrex
brenda
civilians
bark
carts
wasted
purdue
cocoa
invites
cushion
reversed
lynx
goa
figurines
footer
maternal
specimen
jedi
seamless
ancestors
panther
mixes
graves
branding
ghetto
thr
examiner
vineyard
meadow
panty
feeder
mercer
roms
goodman
listener
subunit
chloride
awaiting
kane
becker
aires
bulls
orion
commercials
councillor
regulators
hurry
influential
clarkson
carlson
yy
beneficiary
benchmarks
hanson
ug
offspring
emi
panorama
retrieving
roth
odor
demanded
reactor
kiribati
wastes
telnet
clash
biker
fidelity
parked
sis
financials
castro
flew
peanut
holden
ale
sem
converters
nauru
rhapsody
trumpet
solitaire
decreasing
freezing
kaiser
dishwasher
rcs
wallis
criminals
neurons
ios
retire
rumors
accomplishments
emergence
feminist
theatres
apex
crimson
compassion
yds
needing
twentieth
ive
ecosystems
pronounced
extensively
stain
conrad
wished
transient
kicked
coloring
curb
gadget
cctv
leukemia
reign
trivial
deco
ticker
coke
habitats
clauses
baron
remover
sensible
unlawful
bates
incorporates
brasil
webs
swinging
accountable
thrust
proving
unicode
opposing
prod
novice
spreadsheet
hewitt
lowering
dei
delightful
cane
cruising
fury
personalities
discography
stiff
todo
encoded
researching
noah
wore
christchurch
pediatrics
traces
rabbi
sushi
puffy
asap
weston
headings
enthusiasts
ridiculous
scattering
secretaries
onsite
mapquest
contracted
elbow
fights
deleting
compilations
therapists
appealing
scholarly
detailing
stark
lifestyles
roberto
dst
strongest
hammond
swimwear
padded
applet
pricetool
circa
revise
contributes
threesomes
surroundings
proficiency
quinn
uranium
honours
consolidate
daniels
billions
hut
daewoo
antigen
ultrasound
stafford
mgmt
procedural
labrador
refusal
lima
suppression
weaver
cern
readiness
secular
macros
majesty
msa
fishery
teresa
distributing
estimating
outdated
aussie
advisories
dues
pewter
lendingtree
belmont
distress
pumpkin
notably
intends
trevor
homosexual
garment
acad
bilingual
barbecue
localization
supplying
secondly
razor
cough
cerebral
grandma
customization
gigs
indexing
lori
oceans
displacement
spacecraft
ivoire
backwards
arrows
volunteering
montserrat
telecommunication
presumably
coatings
eureka
plea
constructive
bundles
pcb
sdk
tibet
preparedness
pres
isles
stretching
ovens
systemic
garrett
esther
playoffs
abundant
deductible
adaptors
priests
accompany
compares
forecasting
hesitate
inspiring
specialize
prey
deposition
drm
laurie
tas
zodiac
pavement
enya
masterbation
tubing
keller
pedestrian
fencing
bloomington
artery
conditioner
plaintiffs
inlet
rub
violate
stimulate
realise
fluids
conveniently
lick
vanessa
gov
stealth
nucleotide
ter
ness
bronx
listmania
repayment
middot
netgear
canopy
gloss
panda
crc
whip
symbian
porch
pertinent
lifelong
emailed
promoter
chf
collegiate
constants
construed
interchange
remotely
clr
fletcher
concise
isuzu
fibers
handful
brains
curtains
eaten
indigo
retaining
kelley
autobiography
conditioned
webring
prohibition
motions
redirect
interoperability
msrp
tuvalu
shampoo
emphasize
excite
rebels
neoplasms
artifacts
believing
vac
hilarious
salisbury
pseudo
gu
quoting
sinks
steep
dinar
dynasty
creed
carat
nan
microphones
nobel
raiders
galaxies
spreads
verlag
elegance
volatile
pointers
sensory
scrapbook
dummies
throne
magnesium
pagina
kenwood
chartered
slopes
socially
unfortunate
seized
roundup
territorial
leases
imac
consisted
randolph
faxes
plump
uss
memoirs
alkaline
expire
och
wwii
midst
methyl
campuses
borne
forgive
ramada
competitor
mansfield
neighbours
tesco
marvin
dba
architectures
conversions
acdbline
usable
tempo
getty
mutations
cdr
readable
almanac
conway
ay
gail
msi
responds
denote
slayer
payne
prog
firewalls
tester
polling
fifa
purchaser
bins
relies
inserting
tibetan
prepares
concludes
consumables
waterford
rodney
cylinders
mus
selects
fulton
directing
nationality
highbeam
msdn
statistically
torch
zurich
stretched
depressed
mps
encounters
haunted
spares
symmetry
agp
bout
cont
adverts
programmed
lohan
salons
olympia
hank
negligence
unclear
screened
helper
carlisle
aromatherapy
rancho
transferring
nederland
stockton
stepping
hacks
clearwater
attic
trustpass
topology
appetite
sensation
piper
airborne
morality
honorable
wealthy
handicap
skinny
sewage
endowment
demonstrating
antennas
sundance
lifecycle
dhcp
avec
trucking
sonoma
esta
defender
amos
iraqis
shortcut
wretch
sunlight
stems
racist
wo
profitability
unc
fairmont
ventura
convey
ang
evergreen
globally
bearings
govern
feather
fond
sore
aaliyah
fiat
reboot
sixteen
newsgroup
blinds
audiovox
traits
tightly
graded
phuket
successor
jf
intrusion
sickness
guiana
underneath
prohibit
metabolic
noel
cans
abused
sarasota
billed
lim
avery
toons
danielle
brushes
tenth
anthology
prosecutor
smiles
merged
auditors
grandchildren
exc
desks
capsule
aided
relied
suspend
eternity
mesothelioma
trafficking
introductions
weighing
eff
currents
bizjournals
michele
kk
aide
kindly
cutie
nes
protests
sharks
notch
minors
dances
revealing
reprinted
fernando
mapped
resurrection
lieu
decree
tor
creampie
seoul
printf
columnist
discovering
tuberculosis
lacks
horizons
transplantation
jerome
daytime
elaborate
contour
gamble
fra
descent
nwt
gravel
analyse
rammstein
disturbing
judged
shutter
illusion
ambitious
scrapbooking
ole
notorious
ibid
residue
reds
enlarged
stephens
transforming
sequential
stripping
uniquely
bart
assert
goodies
fluctuations
bowie
auth
archaeological
inspect
thrice
babylon
gina
sugababes
edison
casualty
rsa
rcw
musings
whistler
poses
airfares
huntsville
ths
noir
eli
layouts
evan
servicemagic
mushroom
designate
scent
sequel
gymnastics
titanic
knob
wolves
exquisite
herpes
upward
sentenced
dundee
newsgator
principe
contractual
acquiring
judging
unchanged
kicking
meg
akron
fines
grasp
streak
ounce
thirteen
bh
tragic
theodore
buena
irrelevant
professionally
liberties
sounding
rebounds
milano
compressor
toast
happily
hooked
samantha
shrink
knox
khz
webmail
carcinoma
taipei
unesco
mutually
stance
aps
kumar
beaded
remembering
boca
exodus
compartment
gemini
kinky
brittany
dove
testified
iis
cunningham
derive
affinity
presbyterian
supervisory
pretend
ostg
buddhism
kl
amnesty
chiropractic
borrower
gloucester
warrants
owens
fairness
needles
coll
throughput
quota
netbsd
discreet
misplace
versa
imp
oi
serviced
mack
pu
sung
lowell
whichever
starr
elliot
opener
uae
vaccines
chooses
tuscany
jigsaw
jumbo
crowded
tickling
unspecified
wee
jsp
turbine
unreal
wounds
percentages
advisers
manufactures
physiological
lett
maths
addison
charters
generalized
unprecedented
probes
frustration
flint
dummy
financially
awake
sanitation
americana
swivel
ally
dissolved
cleanliness
complexes
kung
varsity
collectively
insurer
croatian
inhibition
multicast
certifications
burnt
solidarity
frustrated
muhammad
alma
pradesh
ger
px
hanover
inverse
clifton
holt
isis
verdict
nominee
medals
proton
dickinson
christi
lister
recurring
studs
allegedly
rhetoric
modifying
incubus
kaplan
impulse
surveyed
creditors
dull
tis
cabins
commenced
ballroom
employing
satellites
ignoring
linens
stevenson
coherent
beetle
converts
majestic
bicycles
omni
roast
testers
debuginfo
complainant
inhibitor
clifford
knowledgeable
critically
cy
composers
localities
owe
jimi
hummer
reciprocal
accelerate
hatred
telefonsex
questioning
putative
manifest
indications
petty
permitting
hyperlink
presario
motorsports
som
behave
getaway
bees
robbins
zeppelin
felix
shiny
carmel
encore
smash
angelina
kimberly
unsure
braun
destructive
sockets
claimant
dinosaur
psa
tac
ample
countless
ashland
energies
dlp
repealed
royce
listeners
abusive
sophomore
antibiotics
landfill
warehousing
filesize
merits
scarf
strangers
garland
voor
celebrex
verisign
riviera
apprentice
obscure
napoleon
registrations
wavelength
glamour
slashdot
transvestites
hated
cheerleaders
sigh
trolley
principals
sidney
friedman
coolpix
spicy
blocker
tawnee
frankly
hud
chronological
mov
entrepreneurship
itinerary
fools
beard
discoveries
percentile
linkage
economical
miniatures
wedge
adjusting
mock
peggy
bats
patriots
ruins
lh
sheila
ripper
dependencies
afp
kd
accomodation
benton
mcafee
chateau
denis
counselors
homestead
competitiveness
burger
microscopy
changer
sergeant
melt
syrian
hyper
madthumbs
linkin
gmail
ned
cypress
courtney
cites
utf
scooters
reserveamerica
organisational
prospectus
ezine
protectors
reactive
interiors
encouragement
clipboard
disadvantages
gamer
alexa
abbott
tailor
pollutants
directorate
chocolates
faux
supervised
interpreting
savvy
pascal
tha
serenity
uploads
ore
pant
sheridan
gallons
attainment
sanitary
terri
cooperate
dreaming
norms
implants
fortunate
alibaba
mushrooms
hormones
hype
interpretations
geoffrey
faults
addr
nfs
silva
grease
diablo
urinary
cairns
institut
premise
epidemic
prima
condoms
rite
directives
cinnamon
zelda
lac
discharged
alba
underworld
variants
fetal
palms
lawsuits
seated
lattice
dong
realization
reportedly
absorbed
sirius
chord
edi
kudoz
vous
turf
asphalt
replay
improper
flavors
dilemma
ig
rebuilding
livingston
quickcheck
commenting
shifted
tangible
smoked
hawks
ziff
placebo
irons
comet
berg
baltic
corrective
competency
muse
probing
teachings
tyne
lotto
fowler
xv
youngest
contingent
refreshing
textures
pid
syrup
xii
warmth
hawkins
dep
lust
correlated
augustine
dominion
verses
seagate
nanotechnology
astronomical
solvent
toggle
luna
amplitude
aesthetic
commercially
emc
dion
wolfgang
spacing
frameworks
completeness
irregular
barker
solids
mergers
capturing
filtration
certify
gpa
consulted
realised
cpus
jude
eighteen
singular
incremental
jennings
demons
unacceptable
redistribute
coping
corr
baxter
outbreak
abdominal
sbin
deficiencies
curved
milestone
erase
lien
nip
bites
prose
marx
incidental
toni
arguing
vein
scalable
hale
ji
swear
intra
bel
clown
spontaneous
summers
taboo
equestrian
wetland
olson
methodologies
malicious
consume
amazed
fourteen
legislators
volcano
capacities
fremont
skeleton
someday
tsp
sha
suspects
displaced
sounded
exporter
honesty
dwarf
mri
hum
bis
northeastern
ifdef
shocks
rewarding
killers
battalion
multicultural
lasers
candid
schooling
dataset
thornton
schoolgirl
caesar
savers
powerpc
pines
steelers
stellar
davenport
locating
monogram
philippe
enhances
aix
fucks
relational
ornament
graffiti
cassettes
pussies
urges
sophie
doesnt
tiff
cnc
refrigeration
attacking
microscope
houghton
countdown
threaten
decker
natl
bait
extern
badges
enron
kitten
codec
broadcasts
brides
dent
checksum
stealing
bullets
emphasized
glossy
informations
haired
directional
breeders
alterations
pablo
lethal
biographical
confirms
cavity
molded
vladimir
ida
probate
terrestrial
decals
completes
beams
props
incense
formulated
dough
stool
macs
towing
welch
rosemary
millionaire
turquoise
archival
seismic
exposures
baccarat
boone
substituted
horde
paperwork
mommy
teenager
nanny
suburb
hutchinson
smokers
cohort
succession
declining
alliances
sums
lineup
averaged
hotspot
bellevue
glacier
pueblo
hj
req
rigorous
gigabit
worksheet
allocate
relieve
aftermath
roach
clarion
override
angus
enthusiastic
lame
continuum
squeeze
feng
sar
burgundy
struggles
pep
farewell
soho
ashes
vanguard
nylons
chipset
natal
locus
msnbc
hillary
evenings
misses
troubles
factual
carisoprodol
tutoring
spectroscopy
gemstone
psc
phonephone
elton
purity
shaking
unregistered
witnessed
cellar
moto
gonzalez
friction
prone
valerie
enclosures
dior
mer
equitable
fuse
lobster
pops
osha
judaism
goldberg
atlantis
amid
onions
preteen
bonding
insurers
prototypes
corinthians
crosses
proactive
issuer
uncomfortable
sylvia
furnace
sponsoring
poisoning
doubled
malaysian
clues
inflammation
rabbits
icc
transported
crews
easton
goodwill
sentencing
bulldogs
worthwhile
ideology
anxious
tariffs
norris
ly
cervical
baptism
cutlery
overlooking
tallahassee
userpic
knot
attribution
rad
gut
staffordshire
factories
acta
swords
advancing
yep
timed
evolve
yuan
iec
differs
esa
suspicious
leased
subscribed
tate
starters
dartmouth
brewing
coop
uml
bur
blossom
scare
confessions
bergen
lowered
kris
thief
prisons
pictured
feminine
sizeof
grabbed
rocking
spi
nichols
regs
blackwell
fulfilled
sweets
nautical
imprisonment
employs
gutenberg
bubbles
ashton
pitcher
shinedown
standby
judgments
muscular
motif
illnesses
plum
saloon
prophecy
loft
arin
unisex
historian
wallets
identifiable
elm
facsimile
hurts
ethanol
cannabis
folded
rsvp
sofia
dynamically
comprise
grenadines
lump
constr
disposed
subtitle
chestnut
librarians
engraved
halt
alta
manson
autocad
pastoral
unpaid
ghosts
powerbook
doubts
locality
substantive
bulletins
worries
hug
rejects
spear
nigel
referee
transporter
jolie
swinger
broadly
ethereal
crossroads
aero
constructing
smoothly
parsons
bury
infiniti
blanc
autonomy
bounded
ppl
williamsburg
insist
birch
supp
slash
snyder
budgeting
exercised
backpacks
detecting
resale
mikes
howell
digestive
scalar
entertain
cinderella
unresolved
sesame
hep
duct
touches
seiko
electromagnetic
arial
tos
joanne
housewife
zoofilia
hcl
pursued
validated
lend
sco
corvette
yachts
stacy
christie
unrelated
lois
levi
annotate
stimulating
mont
joomla
misuse
helix
cosmos
speculation
sx
dixie
pans
enforced
legion
env
fulfillment
biomass
assertion
phs
hierarchical
lesions
shook
lincolnshire
financed
dismissal
surnames
mah
reconditioned
shocking
allergic
overland
prolonged
isaiah
backbone
rk
abn
unanimously
eliminates
sausage
addict
matte
neighboring
uncommon
centralized
stratford
heidi
melanie
objections
unpublished
ames
slaughter
enlightenment
pistol
juniors
rockets
secunia
metering
seymour
genetically
zebra
runway
arithmetic
supposedly
admits
bombay
originals
enrichment
chennai
milford
buckle
bartlett
fetch
kitchens
ions
asshole
wat
rey
divers
faroe
townsend
blackburn
glendale
speedway
founders
sweatshirts
sundays
upside
admiral
yay
patron
sandwiches
sinclair
boiler
anticipate
activex
logon
induce
annapolis
padding
recruiter
popcorn
espanol
disadvantaged
trong
diagonal
unite
cracked
debtor
polk
mets
niue
ux
shear
mortal
sovereignty
supermarket
franchises
rams
cleansing
mfr
boo
hmmm
genomic
gown
helpdesk
ponds
archery
refuses
excludes
afb
sabbath
ruin
trump
nate
escaped
precursor
mates
adhd
avian
exe
stella
visas
matrices
anyways
xtreme
passages
etiology
vu
cereal
comprehension
tcl
sy
tow
resolving
mellon
drills
webmd
alexandra
champ
personalised
hospice
zerodegrees
agreeing
qos
exhibitor
rented
deductions
harrisburg
brushed
augmentation
otto
annuity
assortment
credible
sportswear
ik
cultured
importing
deliberately
recap
openly
toddlers
astro
crawl
chanel
theo
sparkling
jabber
hgh
bindings
hx
convincing
rotate
flaws
este
tracing
deviations
incomes
fema
subwoofer
amortization
neurology
ack
fragile
jeremiah
sapiens
nyt
olsen
serbian
radiator
hai
competencies
restoring
sanchez
rushing
behold
amherst
alteration
hotspots
trainee
nielsen
podcasting
murdered
centennial
tuna
bluegrass
hazel
wipe
ledger
scarlet
crushed
acronyms
laughs
connie
autographed
referendum
modulation
statues
depths
spices
communion
loader
uncertainties
colonies
followers
caldwell
latency
themed
messy
squadron
bei
dmc
rupee
ments
subsidy
demolition
irene
empowerment
felony
lungs
monuments
veronica
filtered
replacements
growers
vinci
subtitles
adj
gcse
haul
acupuncture
workload
acknowledgement
highlighting
duly
roasted
tenders
inviting
rig
ov
grassroots
mick
gentoo
redevelopment
mustard
strait
masterpiece
obey
cellphone
donkey
sax
jacks
conceived
triggered
boasts
praying
oss
multiply
intercourse
frontgate
radial
mare
routinely
instructed
stole
kirby
armour
summarized
avalanche
asc
northampton
uploading
manuscripts
managerial
nsu
cary
celine
exhibited
disciples
shaving
finepix
wks
bishops
kite
destroying
humorous
tonnes
hypermail
thunderbird
faa
corona
heap
griffith
investigative
letras
bylaws
erection
quasi
wmv
lao
energetic
disturbance
saunders
ribbons
jew
facesitting
exile
breastfeeding
bilder
reside
mccartney
anglo
cashier
kathryn
jaw
butterflies
eats
randomized
knots
flea
motivational
offences
anton
pals
gratuite
gerry
celebrates
hail
armenian
longitudinal
historians
realities
kappa
mentions
samson
neuroscience
blender
jumps
fleming
blaster
optimistic
remediation
wasting
decoder
genocide
acclaimed
seldom
heathrow
indy
morrow
pantera
glitter
giovanni
sidebar
authored
lasted
snoop
awhile
winery
rbi
scaled
contingency
photon
wiltshire
vague
overlay
wraps
constituents
rusty
pharma
herd
handicapped
exported
fayetteville
lag
champaign
warns
fyi
xc
pakistani
harmless
ics
apa
bitches
sting
urbana
bravo
believers
diagnose
secsg
franco
announcing
dispersion
curiosity
trivium
amature
showroom
cx
swarovski
resting
missiles
persistence
coarse
continents
liter
carpets
recovering
submarine
akon
blessings
brendan
prevailing
originated
axe
condosaver
sculptures
amex
intrinsic
classicvacations
blackpool
thoughtful
nicht
archer
hertfordshire
fh
inuyasha
nominees
warmer
cuz
viewsonic
dryers
calf
fujifilm
basil
ams
hallmark
counterparts
paced
engl
grouped
dominate
asians
orient
contra
damaging
populated
seether
renee
boiling
journeys
milestones
parkinson
parsing
splitting
mclean
derbyshire
checkboxes
abandon
lobbying
rave
ej
dy
mgm
cigars
cinemas
islander
encoder
nicolas
inference
ras
recalled
importers
impressum
transformer
weiss
declarations
rib
phe
chattanooga
giles
maroon
drafts
excursions
jerk
kontakt
shack
ers
marrow
kawasaki
licences
bose
tavern
bathing
lambert
epilepsy
allowances
fountains
goggles
ses
unhappy
clones
foregoing
crossover
situ
specificity
certainty
sleek
gerard
runoff
osteoporosis
approvals
antarctic
ord
successive
neglected
ariel
bea
monty
cafes
jukebox
classmates
hitch
fracture
ama
nexus
cancers
foremost
nineteenth
chesapeake
tango
melting
mahogany
actresses
clarence
ernst
garner
buster
moderated
mal
nassau
flap
ignorant
aba
allowable
karate
compositions
sings
marcos
sorrow
carte
qb
canned
collects
treaties
endurance
optimizing
teaspoon
switchfoot
coldplay
insulated
dupont
harriet
philosopher
rectangle
woo
queer
pains
vioxx
decatur
wrapper
tty
ahmed
bsc
buchanan
drummer
sobre
celexa
guitarist
symmetric
ceremonies
satisfies
kuala
appellate
comma
bbb
geeks
conformity
jg
avant
repec
insightful
supper
fulfilling
hooded
unrated
diva
adsense
instability
seminary
exemptions
integrates
presenter
csa
offenses
emulation
lengthy
sonata
fortress
contiguous
bookstores
perez
cimel
inaccurate
hvac
explanatory
leica
settlers
stools
ministerial
xavier
agendas
torah
fao
publishes
stacks
owning
nws
andersen
busch
armani
bipolar
sermon
facilitating
complained
ferdinand
taps
thrill
lagoon
undoubtedly
menopause
inbound
withheld
insisted
shortlist
gainesville
tiava
eclectic
reluctant
headphone
regimes
headaches
ramsey
oath
readme
pigeon
rivals
freed
binder
xemacs
constrained
parrot
magnum
invoked
invaluable
helicopters
keystone
inclined
ngc
gala
intercontinental
cheek
traction
utterly
workspace
customizable
softcover
gavin
illuminated
realtime
lasts
gloucestershire
electrons
psychologist
dane
claudia
perpetual
subsystem
appl
kinetic
caffeine
solicitor
clustering
xf
glimpse
nib
verbatim
innocence
httpd
quicker
grandparents
cardboard
attributable
sketches
angelo
tertiary
exhausted
smarter
slac
shelters
attain
dora
calorie
inconvenience
tang
graphite
vaccination
stroller
farther
bowel
sweaters
chats
mafia
riot
fats
futuna
mandarin
dungeon
predictable
germans
lilly
shire
susceptible
mosquito
kashmir
insest
lyons
skyline
sulfur
scams
lipid
putnam
corpse
speedy
ming
tao
quot
ritz
networked
localhost
lush
barrels
transformations
cabling
analogue
werner
clyde
stills
perimeter
biased
cardiology
playoff
honorary
sti
irwin
brewer
chiang
exchanged
payload
adhere
fran
merrill
oldsmobile
grilled
rafael
ccc
enquire
toilets
mains
whales
misty
lindsey
parity
partitions
grim
conserved
searchsearch
hubbard
rewrite
vending
prism
chasing
keygen
janeiro
flop
aggregation
shelley
batting
borrowed
heh
transexuals
rests
toss
prentice
depicted
grapes
proposing
cumbria
winding
diaz
ripped
vegan
congressman
cobalt
pity
recombinant
ubuntu
downward
superstar
closeout
corel
kayaking
synergy
eta
catalogues
aspire
harvesting
garfield
groom
jewels
saturated
georges
backpacking
quincy
accidentally
doughty
bonded
sticking
dudley
osama
weeds
stripped
oprah
inflatable
beers
clive
fixture
glassware
canary
steadily
amc
imagined
darby
woke
kos
fills
proportions
grips
clergy
coursework
solicitors
kayak
moderately
mayotte
altar
salvage
repetitive
stanton
creators
gears
orbital
musicals
kilometres
cuff
lithuanian
amatuer
repeating
empires
profiling
reps
hn
oyster
sturdy
sequencing
massacre
undergo
panoramic
risen
blended
deskjet
rhino
polynomial
tau
nsa
imperative
stakeholder
beg
digging
lantern
catches
evangelical
eaton
ruler
signifies
henri
stochastic
psu
tokens
santana
kidding
piping
swept
swansea
airmail
staring
seventy
problematic
troop
arose
decomposition
chatham
roadmap
ogg
becky
lesbo
farrell
elders
interpreters
supporter
acknowledgements
klaus
tnt
skincare
conquest
heroin
repairing
mandated
workbook
assemble
xslt
hogan
omg
whistle
sulfate
dresden
timeshare
diversified
oldies
fertilizer
complaining
analytic
predominantly
amethyst
debra
woodward
rewritten
cdrom
concerto
adorable
ambition
torres
apologize
cle
restraint
thrillers
fortran
eddy
condemned
berger
timeless
parole
corey
kendall
spouses
slips
vv
ninety
tyr
trays
stewardship
cues
esq
bioinformatics
kisses
kerr
regulating
flock
exporting
arabian
chung
subpart
scheduler
bending
boris
hypnosis
kat
ammunition
vega
pleasures
shortest
denying
cornerstone
recycle
shave
sos
lsu
sexe
disruption
galway
colt
artillery
furnish
precedence
gao
applicability
volatility
grinding
rubbish
missionary
knocked
swamp
uid
pitching
hoteles
fav
bordeaux
manifold
wf
tornado
disneyland
umd
gdb
possessed
upstairs
bro
turtles
offs
listserv
fab
vauxhall
cond
welcoming
learns
manipulate
dividing
hickory
renovated
inmates
tokelau
conformance
slices
diecast
bittorrent
cody
frankie
oa
lawson
quo
iu
vf
alprazolam
damned
beethoven
faint
rebuilt
proceeded
collaborate
lei
tentative
peterborough
fierce
jars
authenticity
hips
rene
gland
positives
wigs
resignation
striped
zion
blends
garments
fraternity
hunk
allocations
lymphoma
tapestry
originating
stu
chap
blows
inevitably
rpc
freebies
converse
frontline
thb
tele
gardener
imap
winamp
winnie
ita
higgins
stoke
idg
warwickshire
polymers
penguins
attracting
grills
jeeves
harp
phat
zz
escrow
lumpur
wes
dds
denton
anthem
tack
whitman
nowadays
woodstock
infospace
sack
inferior
surfers
abuses
inspected
deb
jockey
kauai
licensors
indicative
cpc
stresses
incumbent
ithaca
webhosting
edmund
peoria
upholstery
aggression
peek
alr
practiced
ella
casualties
ipsec
bournemouth
sudoku
monarch
undef
housed
administering
temptation
havana
roe
campground
nasal
sars
restrictive
costing
ranged
cme
predictive
vlan
aquaculture
hier
spruce
paradox
sendmail
redesign
billings
jeanne
nitro
oxidation
jackpot
marin
halfway
cortex
entitlement
amending
conflicting
georgian
compensate
recherche
loser
secs
mixers
accountancy
claus
policing
braves
cracking
sued
shoots
michaels
interrupted
hemisphere
miranda
clover
ecc
kj
kindness
similarities
kv
hipaa
porto
neutron
duluth
directs
jolly
snakes
swelling
spanning
politician
femme
unanimous
railways
approves
scriptures
misconduct
lester
dogg
folklore
resides
wording
obliged
perceive
rockies
siege
dimm
exercising
acoustics
voluntarily
pensacola
atkinson
crs
condominium
wildcats
nord
exhibitors
truths
ssi
grouping
wolfe
redwood
thereto
invoices
tyres
westwood
authorizing
enamel
toby
gly
radiant
estonian
virgins
firstly
martini
butte
bomber
reeves
songwriter
suspicion
disadvantage
bastard
shania
coaster
spends
hicks
typedef
pratt
pedigree
strippers
macmillan
fraudulent
aac
woodworking
sherwood
forgiveness
cbd
almond
pricerunner
afl
catalytic
har
petitions
francais
trenton
chalk
omar
alexis
bethesda
privatization
sourceforge
sanford
axle
membranes
puppet
testosterone
cultivation
nunavut
surveying
grazing
biochemical
pillar
mirage
lennon
questionable
seaside
suitability
precinct
renamed
cobb
lara
unbelievable
soluble
piracy
rowing
siding
kx
hardest
forrest
invitational
reminders
negro
blanca
equivalents
johann
handcrafted
aftermarket
pineapple
fellowships
freeway
wrath
opal
simplest
patrons
peculiar
toon
europeans
commence
descendants
redmond
safeguard
digitally
lars
hatchback
rfp
obsession
grind
albeit
billiards
coa
clint
bankers
righteous
eo
redistribution
freaks
subclass
rutgers
tra
sampled
sincere
deploying
interacting
roanoke
intentionally
blitz
tended
censorship
cactus
viva
treadmill
fiberglass
attained
blew
howe
nap
osaka
splendid
janice
personalize
lava
leonardo
sucked
scissors
broncos
jorge
cooks
sharply
granada
laurence
rebellion
rainy
tho
regent
evelyn
vinegar
vie
classifications
diggs
rafting
pluto
gil
sle
vail
jv
fisherman
misery
undergoing
limerick
safaris
contaminants
envy
scr
mitch
sweeping
healthier
ussr
mailer
preface
jameson
grievance
liners
asheville
unread
sentiment
pencils
galloway
quinta
kristin
forged
bistro
viola
lw
voodoo
disclosures
provence
caching
computerized
rustic
rumor
dillon
shah
eleanor
deception
volts
conducts
divorced
rushed
excalibur
bots
weighs
sinatra
magnolia
diver
disappointment
castles
notions
plateau
interpersonal
dexter
traumatic
ringer
zipper
meds
palette
blaze
wreck
threatens
strengthened
sammy
briefings
siblings
wakefield
adversely
devastating
pitcairn
centro
pdb
arabs
bild
onboard
robbery
eine
nucleic
telecoms
jasmine
crochet
brock
crowds
hoops
hehe
macon
celeron
lynne
invariant
stamped
challenger
increment
redistributed
ju
uptake
newsweek
geared
ideals
chloe
ape
svc
gee
apologies
prada
tycoon
malignant
maxtor
plone
dcp
dismiss
preceded
lawful
stag
crosby
biochem
pte
rash
ors
gateways
compactflash
collapsed
antibiotic
horns
vanderbilt
cps
diversion
overweight
fantasies
metasearch
taliban
maureen
trekking
coordinators
beginnings
reversal
digi
lex
shoreline
presses
ordination
westin
oxfordshire
yves
tandem
middleware
mips
boil
deliberate
gagged
roundtable
surprises
abe
roc
dementia
barley
potent
vo
amusing
mastering
levine
nerves
ripencc
shoppy
filesystem
retains
pow
docking
guidebook
atreyu
kylie
pilates
chimney
backstreet
packers
localized
naomi
proverbs
lic
risky
mistaken
carving
miracles
docume
xy
clair
fte
slipped
realism
stl
crete
fractions
yd
archiving
disconnect
bloodhound
multilingual
sherry
desperately
gsa
indies
tulip
madame
remedial
vain
bert
immunization
dalton
bologna
departing
ciara
maze
cumming
barefoot
remuneration
bohemian
interviewing
categorized
imposing
damon
tivoli
cmos
transmissions
receivable
rode
amen
marching
ronnie
evacuation
owing
warp
implant
playlists
thematic
brentwood
catholics
imo
correctional
faculties
katz
denies
jojo
buffers
talkback
servings
reinforce
kobe
inception
draper
baylor
otc
bowman
frustrating
subversion
ssa
zeta
benny
spires
barney
dinnerware
sclerosis
homosexuality
declares
emotionally
masonry
carbohydrate
medicinal
estrogen
odbc
ipods
accrued
temples
realizing
annum
openbsd
cemeteries
indoors
telescopes
magellan
champs
federated
averaging
salads
addicted
shui
flashlight
disappointing
rockford
eighty
staging
unlocked
scarce
statistic
roche
ropes
torino
spiders
obedience
plague
diluted
canine
gladly
schizophrenia
brewery
lineage
mehr
brew
vaughan
kern
julius
coup
cannes
morse
dominance
predators
piston
itu
cords
mpi
revisited
cass
sealing
topped
adhesives
rag
despair
inventories
fore
uf
brokeback
absorb
injected
alps
commodore
dumping
enlisted
prophets
ow
econ
footjob
warez
supernatural
overlooked
magenta
tagging
ditch
feared
prelude
rowe
slick
overly
limestone
triggers
commentaries
constructs
impedance
dragonfly
manpower
underoath
lec
chunk
reels
lob
slept
gregg
refundable
hbo
billboard
drafted
chalet
huang
sportsbook
layered
hopper
sus
neurological
subs
specialization
abstraction
ludwig
watchdog
scandinavian
starbucks
ibook
viability
kh
detained
luncheon
filler
smiley
zenith
genomics
yi
yum
browns
researched
waits
tenor
copiers
ovarian
softly
plenary
scrub
airplanes
wilkinson
limb
intestinal
cello
poe
wlan
refusing
suffers
sweepstakes
occupy
antigens
gan
midtown
bethlehem
stabilization
caves
authoritative
celestial
immense
audrey
merlin
kinetics
cocos
aiming
seizure
stuttgart
diplomacy
differing
impacted
foreigners
limp
capitalist
rumsfeld
mute
beanie
prescott
protestant
metre
tricky
ordinances
thurs
spaced
koch
freq
topaz
ans
segmentation
imaginary
albion
soaps
courthouse
sutherland
entrepreneurial
dar
dart
lebanese
psycho
maharashtra
ricoh
wrought
robe
nrc
theresa
heidelberg
multitude
tutors
ezra
housekeeping
captive
kettle
visitation
chr
gibbs
baggage
chavez
dusty
patty
serena
asst
satire
overload
tortured
pioneers
vikings
crate
kanye
bootstrap
wtf
episcopal
humane
scm
moonlight
mast
travelocity
unfinished
fno
goth
cared
affection
sworn
twink
bowen
vicious
educating
nortel
kin
koh
affiliations
cozy
pussycat
appropriated
escherichia
mallorca
mackenzie
reversible
spd
oj
slippers
unclassified
earthquakes
bookshelf
hayward
wandering
comb
liquids
htdocs
beech
vineyards
amer
zur
frogs
fps
consequential
initialization
unreasonable
expat
osborne
raider
farmington
timers
stimulus
economists
miners
agnes
constituency
rocker
acknowledges
alas
enrolment
glibc
sawyer
maori
lawmakers
tense
predicting
filipino
cooled
prudential
basel
migrant
devotion
larson
photosmart
invoke
arte
leaning
centrally
acl
luv
paddle
watkins
oxley
anterior
dealership
chop
eyewear
rooted
onyx
benches
illumination
freedoms
bakersfield
foolish
finale
weaker
foley
fir
stirling
moran
decal
compose
nausea
comfortably
hoop
addictive
clarinet
temps
fiona
clearer
vn
floods
gigabyte
fritz
mover
dbz
modeled
erica
malaga
rainforest
federally
sustaining
macos
repaired
diocese
francois
obituary
multinational
painters
thistle
pornstars
tem
sleepy
nope
footnotes
evo
rupert
shrine
aspirin
purified
striving
dire
attendant
gull
jour
mir
spoilers
northumberland
machining
malibu
memoir
betsy
gatwick
shaun
redundancy
meredith
fauna
cliffs
hayden
emo
roadside
smells
dispose
detox
waking
feathers
skateboard
reflex
falcons
automate
drosophila
branson
spurs
sion
ortho
crashed
appraisals
travelled
urgency
flashes
lakewood
gould
brit
drupal
prac
eliza
carers
kramer
graduating
rims
harmonic
usaid
darts
idc
shin
intriguing
keypad
flaw
richland
tails
emulator
microbial
discarded
bibles
hangs
adc
caregivers
joanna
quark
zyban
synonyms
electronica
stranded
mitochondrial
horton
dolce
hercules
pane
browning
angular
veins
folds
grinder
angie
sneak
octet
wj
incorrectly
avoidance
cre
dinosaurs
sauces
conquer
mccoy
probabilities
vibe
immortal
mariners
snapshots
ubc
endeavor
creole
mateo
meth
trendy
teas
settling
inpatient
filming
badger
mohammed
saturdays
partisan
fread
backend
pri
gratitude
impress
willy
anon
eminent
ribs
communicated
exceptionally
quilts
cartier
ageing
splits
subscribing
companions
cheques
containment
keynes
protections
edith
aliases
maximizing
screwed
handsfree
tomcat
magna
walmart
sectional
interestingly
fashionable
polly
tidal
jules
ballots
hog
ernie
testify
poole
boycott
elem
vitality
clerks
crust
bothered
traverse
vengeance
organisers
dolly
pissed
garrison
nite
sal
barb
mckenzie
lenox
huns
miner
fashions
darussalam
genital
mcse
barr
analogy
insomnia
constituent
aura
cecil
sponge
cajun
csu
algebraic
sect
astm
diner
anticipation
enduring
scarborough
kristen
regis
fsa
winters
nous
explosives
mound
xiv
backgammon
sgd
ox
chromatography
overdose
nad
gallagher
snatch
mueller
mole
obs
owed
ethan
cao
ladyboys
orgasms
plantronics
ftd
kissed
buff
freezers
butcher
psalms
rum
ibiza
reese
chefs
engraving
digimon
constituted
gastrointestinal
hamlet
inspiron
pagerank
asm
smb
contrib
clad
excursion
blu
matlab
inverness
orb
grange
netware
bse
megapixels
resigned
retriever
fled
svalbard
enriched
harrington
brandy
swings
pixar
scion
elle
reptiles
dhtml
vortex
swallowing
winme
purses
bodily
func
xiii
awe
gamespy
beaumont
standalone
australasia
mandy
hoods
antitrust
equine
bros
fireplaces
proto
jared
requisite
retrospective
emphasizes
lizard
hawthorne
tehran
bouquets
dal
wears
anesthesia
shropshire
baja
filemaker
regal
safeguards
cabbage
cub
libtool
wrongful
spectator
arrests
circumstance
signage
numbering
psy
encode
admins
moc
dau
alvin
accolades
raton
sliced
reproductions
stefani
infertility
byrd
sidewalk
prob
breaker
curly
servlet
alberto
collage
asserted
aces
depeche
benchmarking
jealous
refinement
durban
learnt
xxl
hound
squirrel
teleflora
concealed
bankruptcies
gauges
blueprint
mccain
spiderman
bridging
wharf
rhythms
departures
flick
datum
shotgun
stimulated
chickens
canceled
langley
briggs
cheyenne
empowering
lug
ymca
surveyor
facilitator
bos
macworld
wwf
maize
galveston
extinction
unaware
rockville
banff
discretionary
smc
ry
lq
psalm
serv
ipo
tek
scented
ipc
timestamp
musica
bib
gowns
stevie
spying
nicholson
rivera
dermatology
lied
ek
sandbox
bloc
mdt
pinkworld
cambridgeshire
premiership
luton
recurrent
talbot
conftest
leaks
tam
recursive
swell
obstacle
ville
registerregister
fluorescence
kosher
mantle
additives
chico
driveway
irony
gesture
fairbanks
parfum
marketed
armies
hy
hugs
greenfield
santos
owls
mandrake
cutters
camper
acquires
cpr
ceased
merging
plaques
breadth
mammoth
liquidity
convictions
lasik
intentional
galactic
sophia
merchandising
prohibits
ombudsman
innings
registrant
reorganization
pronunciation
firefighters
placements
ih
concession
measurable
elec
ami
parcels
pastry
manners
levin
academia
amiga
phosphorus
viper
descriptor
hid
volcanic
gypsy
thieves
preaching
pimp
repeal
gimp
uncovered
hemp
eileen
proficient
pelican
cyclic
swimsuit
apocalypse
morphology
versace
printprinter
cousins
discharges
giorgio
condom
admire
westerns
nk
dodgers
litre
poured
usefulness
unsolicited
binds
unveiled
correlations
burt
titus
textual
suffix
handsets
installment
gandhi
spindle
heavens
inks
wink
diarrhea
seahawks
mister
rounding
inorganic
flare
scholastic
wight
mondays
withholding
insertions
itk
kms
couture
foliage
nod
ocr
ativan
fife
generals
crank
goats
autographs
summarize
stub
fundamentally
creamy
exposition
savesave
rains
buckley
middleton
laminated
organise
citrix
tort
brace
backups
novelties
turismo
gigantic
abdul
sheldon
ryder
animalsex
mayhem
washers
grep
xeon
polymerase
optimisation
octave
struts
easyshare
cvsroot
ud
suppress
harding
dams
deserved
violates
joplin
dialup
nx
thn
rutherford
afro
separates
proofs
precedent
biosynthesis
prosecutors
confirming
garth
nolan
alloys
mach
getaways
facilitated
miquelon
paolo
metaphor
bridget
wonderland
infusion
jessie
organising
zine
conn
truman
argus
jin
mango
spur
jubilee
landmarks
polite
sith
thigh
asynchronous
paving
cyclone
perennial
carla
jacqueline
seventeen
messageslog
meats
clearinghouse
wie
dwi
bulldog
cleavage
analysed
uma
gradual
brethren
facilitates
embodiment
specialised
ramones
everquest
violating
recruited
bernstein
skis
calc
marketers
toilette
trailing
pact
itc
lipstick
honourable
lulu
windy
brennan
kpx
punished
saturation
stamford
alamo
chronology
mastery
thermometer
cranberry
kan
downhill
vita
comcast
hyderabad
steer
nesting
vogue
aired
attn
spaghetti
outward
whisper
ipswich
tues
boogie
abramoff
ean
fla
compromised
utilizes
confession
deprived
benedict
lesbos
vodka
molding
zaire
fasteners
bricks
communism
leopard
sakai
lk
flowering
wig
jingle
bounty
arcadia
fishes
ringing
knobs
taurus
rajasthan
whiskey
absurd
committing
tolerant
stoves
inlog
enactment
laminate
earring
aggregator
datatype
embryo
postnuke
ska
nora
salts
marietta
ergonomic
furious
dma
iteration
vida
ceilings
dispenser
respecting
sme
approving
kp
unsafe
refills
ibis
yyyy
separating
soups
residing
unidentified
atl
richie
markings
ims
moist
tractors
trina
drained
vx
spp
coed
audiobooks
mule
cummings
sheikh
gk
hernandez
kiwi
ohm
cessation
truste
append
motive
pests
acreage
seasoned
sunflower
duel
mfc
fingerprint
bernardino
stocked
sorority
bethel
entre
audition
mca
plano
nmr
sunderland
doris
motives
reinforcement
dwight
lortab
leveraging
psychotherapy
provost
mso
guessing
htm
stokes
lakers
ats
saxophone
cocktails
tal
mead
harlem
throttle
steroid
gong
ber
communicator
horticulture
dhs
resets
util
sympathetic
fridays
ordinator
bono
isolate
unconscious
bays
acronym
veritas
faulty
affidavit
breathtaking
streamline
crowne
messiah
brunch
infamous
pundit
pleasing
seizures
appealed
figurine
surveyors
mutants
cyberspace
tenacious
expiry
exif
waterfall
sensual
persecution
goldman
petit
burgess
msu
inning
gaze
fries
chlorine
freshly
initialize
tlc
saxon
cabo
rye
sybase
isabella
foundry
toxicology
mpls
monies
bodybuilding
fta
assassination
nostalgia
remarkably
acetate
pointe
stall
pls
deere
bmx
saratoga
entirety
destined
marcel
terminator
lad
hulk
badminton
cyan
ora
cory
bal
flores
olivier
portage
stacey
serif
dwellings
informing
yellowstone
portability
characterize
ricardo
yourselves
fsb
yearbook
rotterdam
lubricants
cns
hv
alameda
aerosol
mlm
clemson
hostage
cracker
anglican
monks
compliment
camino
storey
scotch
sermons
goin
philly
remembers
coolers
multilateral
freddie
contention
costello
audited
juliet
adjunct
guernsey
galore
aloha
dehydrogenase
bangor
persia
aq
gx
axes
postfix
stirring
fj
altavista
wil
haze
pits
exponential
utter
shi
bottled
ants
gev
gastric
secretarial
influencing
rents
christy
theirs
mattresses
todays
donovan
lax
toaster
cater
colts
omb
rehearsal
strauss
reputable
wei
bac
tuck
rei
slab
lure
kart
ren
cpl
sbs
archbishop
putin
questionnaires
ling
incompatible
emblem
profileprofile
roadway
overlapping
serials
walters
dunes
equivalence
murders
vaughn
aviv
miserable
unsuccessful
condominiums
decorate
appleton
bottoms
revocation
vomiting
chesterfield
exposing
pea
tubs
simulate
schematic
liposuction
medina
swf
apoptosis
thankful
pneumatic
alaskan
friedrich
sniper
vertices
elephants
pinch
additive
professionalism
libertarian
rus
flynn
washable
normalized
uninstall
scopes
fundraiser
braces
troll
calhoun
teamwork
deficient
auditions
refrigerators
redirected
annotations
middletown
filth
moderation
widgets
worrying
ontology
timberland
mags
outrageous
kraft
videogames
concluding
vallarta
blackboard
chopper
nitrate
pinball
pharmacists
skates
surcharge
tbd
comstock
hers
grin
ipb
latvian
asu
footprint
installs
malware
tunnels
crises
trillion
tsn
comforter
cashmere
heavier
nguyen
meteorological
spit
labelled
darker
salomon
horsepower
globes
algae
sarbanes
alcoholism
dissent
bdd
csc
maximal
daly
prenatal
documenting
scooby
choral
unrestricted
happenings
moby
leicestershire
neu
contempt
socialism
hem
leds
mcbride
edible
anarchy
arden
clicked
ineffective
scorecard
gln
beirut
drawers
byrne
conditioners
acme
leakage
culturally
ilug
shady
chemist
evenly
janitorial
reclamation
rove
propane
appendices
collagen
lionel
praised
rhymes
blizzard
erect
gj
nigerian
refining
concessions
ect
commandments
malone
confront
sto
vests
lydia
coyote
makeover
breeder
electrode
esc
dragonball
chow
stp
cookbooks
pollen
drunken
mot
avis
valet
spoiler
cheng
ari
avr
lamborghini
polarized
shrubs
watering
baroque
ppt
barrow
eliot
jung
jihad
transporting
sharepoint
rifles
cts
abit
posterior
aria
elgin
excise
poetic
abnormalities
mortar
qtr
blamed
rae
recommending
inmate
dirk
posture
thereon
valleys
declaring
blogshares
motorsport
septic
commencing
armada
wrench
thanked
citroen
arranging
thrilled
gz
bas
predicts
amelia
palmone
jonah
expedited
discomfort
curricula
scar
indictment
apology
wmd
pms
raped
collars
configurable
andover
denon
sloan
pudding
flawed
cfs
checkpoint
rosenberg
ffi
plato
examiners
salzburg
iriver
rot
callaway
tcm
possesses
dorm
squared
needless
pies
lakeside
marquette
palma
barnett
interconnection
gilmore
prc
ther
heterogeneous
taxis
hates
aspirations
gamefaqs
fences
excavation
cookers
luckily
ultraviolet
rutland
lighted
pneumonia
monastery
afc
erected
expresses
haitian
dialing
migrate
unicef
carton
lorraine
councillors
identifiers
hague
mentors
transforms
ammonia
steiner
licensure
roxy
outlaw
tammy
saws
bovine
tz
dislike
systematically
ogden
interruption
demi
imminent
madam
tights
compelled
criticized
hypertext
dcs
soybean
electra
affirmed
posix
communal
landlords
brewers
emu
libby
seite
dynamite
tease
motley
mci
aroma
pierced
translates
mais
retractable
cognition
quickbooks
cain
townhouse
verona
stormwater
syn
sgi
delegated
coco
chatting
punish
fishermen
pipelines
conforming
causal
rudy
stringent
rowan
tia
assigning
dwell
hacked
inaugural
awkward
congrats
msds
weaving
metropolis
arafat
srl
psychologists
diligence
stair
splitter
dine
wai
standardization
enforcing
lakeland
thiscategory
classy
struggled
lookout
arterial
injustice
mystical
acxiom
triathlon
ironing
kbytes
thx
commanded
woodlands
guardians
manifesto
slap
jaws
textured
finn
doppler
pedestal
entropy
widening
snooker
unleashed
underwood
saline
sonny
longevity
paw
lux
isabel
nairobi
sterile
importer
isl
orioles
botany
dissolution
rotor
pauline
quart
theres
bison
suppressed
allegro
materially
cit
amor
xvi
fungi
phyllis
ttl
dreamy
bengal
backstage
scrolls
awakening
qq
fairies
prescribe
lubbock
greed
nominate
sparkle
autograph
suvs
bmp
migrating
gasket
refrain
lastly
overcoming
wander
kona
relieved
firearm
dss
luc
elena
bam
closures
participatory
intermittent
ante
micron
budgetary
pcos
vols
revolving
ssk
bundled
pantie
bombers
covert
crater
leah
favored
bred
spongebob
fractional
markus
ideological
fostering
wellbutrin
rheumatoid
thence
birthplace
bleed
reverend
transmitting
swindon
cabernet
serie
sek
neptune
dsm
caucasian
understandable
shea
goblet
doctorate
binaries
inventions
dea
slovenian
practicable
showdown
simone
fronts
ancestor
russians
spc
potentials
incur
tempe
hklm
cores
borrowers
osx
canonical
nodded
confronted
believer
bouvet
multifunction
australians
nifty
declines
unveils
peacock
utmost
skeletal
dems
oahu
yates
leroy
rollover
infos
helpers
lds
elapsed
thanx
anthrax
academies
tout
shockwave
gre
imitation
harvested
dab
hopeful
furnishing
negatively
westlife
residences
spinach
bpm
liquidation
predecessor
tamiflu
cheeks
hare
beasts
touchdown
planar
philanthropy
adequacy
iomega
xa
fetisch
peanuts
discovers
eastman
franchising
coppermine
discard
cavalry
ged
breakers
quorum
forwards
ecard
prevalent
plat
exploits
ue
kn
dukes
offended
trimmed
py
ferries
worcestershire
faqfaq
bonn
muller
prostitution
mosque
fudge
extractor
horseback
vested
terribly
earnest
usergroupsusergroups
svenska
pcg
myocardial
homme
clancy
everytime
callback
tory
encompasses
rossi
sander
oldham
gonzales
conductivity
vor
confederate
presumed
annette
climax
blending
atc
weave
vicki
postponed
danville
philosophers
speeding
creditor
exits
pardon
sedona
oder
skateboarding
lexisnexis
abby
deepthroat
outback
teller
mandates
siena
reiki
biopsy
peptides
veil
peck
custodian
dante
lange
quarry
seneca
oceanic
tres
helm
burbank
festive
rosen
awakenings
pim
alla
preserves
sediments
appraiser
smp
ingram
gaussian
hustler
jess
tensions
secretion
linkages
separator
insult
scraps
waived
cured
schultz
buggy
adr
concordia
recon
kennel
drilled
fileplanet
souvenirs
royals
prescribing
slack
globalisation
borland
pastel
gin
nottinghamshire
differentiate
strollers
jays
uninsured
picasso
pilgrim
vines
susceptibility
ambiguous
mcgill
disputed
scouting
royale
instinct
gorge
righteousness
carrot
discriminatory
opaque
headquartered
bullying
saul
flaming
travelodge
empower
apis
marian
liens
caterpillar
hurley
remington
pedals
chew
teak
benefited
prevail
bitmap
migraine
musik
sli
undermine
enum
omission
boyle
lamar
mio
diminished
jonas
aes
locke
cages
methane
pager
snp
jolla
aclu
capitals
correctness
westchester
implication
pap
banjo
shaker
natives
tive
nimh
quilting
campgrounds
adm
stout
rewarded
densities
isd
athena
deepest
matthias
tional
duane
sane
turnaround
climbed
corrupted
relays
navigational
stargate
hanna
husbands
saskatoon
cen
fading
colchester
minh
fingertips
sba
rockwell
persuade
vl
pepsi
rea
roaming
oversized
snr
sibling
ecs
determinations
burberry
weighed
ashamed
concierge
nrs
gorilla
gatherings
endure
cfa
inhibit
nom
pps
cheltenham
screenplay
unabridged
dickens
ntp
endpoint
juniper
repetition
labelling
siberian
synchronous
heartland
preparatory
cafeteria
outfitters
fielding
dune
hee
adler
opp
homelessness
yosemite
cursed
opengl
efficiencies
blowout
youths
tickboxes
migrants
massey
tumble
oversee
thresholds
stare
unlocking
missy
isnt
waveform
deficits
meade
contradiction
flair
helium
applegate
wonderfully
whitewater
tableware
bernie
dug
workgroup
congenital
trojans
insanity
clement
embraced
cli
finely
authenticated
reformed
tolerate
robotic
mana
lest
adhesion
tic
mississauga
dialysis
filmed
staten
carole
noticeable
cette
aesthetics
schwarzenegger
smoker
benign
hypotheses
afforded
aisle
dunno
blur
evidently
summarizes
limbs
unforgettable
punt
sludge
crypto
christensen
tanned
altering
bunker
multiplication
paved
heavyweight
lps
fabricated
zach
pdp
pasture
phantomnode
richest
cruelty
comptroller
scalability
creatine
mormon
embl
minimizing
scots
genuinely
gpo
neighbouring
plugged
tyson
souvenir
dq
mifflin
relativity
mojo
econo
cucumber
occurrences
shapiro
marshal
rituals
anders
seize
decisive
spawn
pq
blanks
ub
dungeons
epoxy
watercolor
uncensored
sailors
stony
fayette
trainees
tori
shelving
effluent
infousa
annals
storytelling
sadness
periodical
polarization
moe
dime
losers
bombings
punta
flavour
smes
ionamin
fuckin
crypt
charlottesville
accomplishment
xu
onwards
bogus
carp
aniston
prompts
witches
barred
skinner
equities
dusk
nouveau
customary
vertically
crashing
cautious
possessions
feeders
urging
jboss
passions
faded
mobil
scrolling
counterpart
utensils
secretly
tying
lent
diode
kaufman
magician
indulgence
aloe
johan
buckinghamshire
melted
lund
medford
fam
nel
extremes
puff
underlined
whores
galileo
bloomfield
obsessed
flavored
gemstones
bmi
viewpoints
groceries
motto
exim
singled
alton
appalachian
staple
dealings
phillies
pathetic
ramblings
janis
craftsman
irritation
rulers
centric
collisions
militia
optionally
eis
conservatory
nightclub
bananas
geophysical
fictional
adherence
golfing
defended
rubin
handlers
grille
elisabeth
claw
pushes
alain
flagship
kittens
topeka
openoffice
illegally
bugzilla
deter
tyre
furry
cubes
transcribed
bouncing
wand
linus
taco
mcsg
humboldt
scarves
cavalier
ish
rinse
outfits
mla
charlton
repertoire
respectfully
emeritus
ulster
macroeconomic
tides
chu
weld
venom
gundam
adaptec
writ
patagonia
dispensing
tailed
puppets
voyer
tapping
hostname
excl
bx
arr
typo
immersion
explode
toulouse
escapes
berries
merchantability
happier
autodesk
mummy
jn
punjab
stacked
winged
brighter
cries
speciality
warranted
attacker
ruined
catcher
damp
sanity
ether
suction
haynes
crusade
siyabona
rumble
inverter
correcting
shattered
abi
heroic
motivate
retreats
mackay
formulate
bridgeport
assessor
fullerton
cpp
sheds
blockbuster
dz
amarillo
pixmania
pathfinder
anomalies
homogeneous
bonsai
windshield
humphrey
spheres
belonged
tomtom
spf
assigns
croydon
sofas
croix
cushions
fern
convection
jdbc
defenders
debugger
boing
odessa
lore
ancillary
pointless
whipped
vox
alibris
dinners
rosie
factoring
genealogical
gyms
inhalation
terre
selfish
eventual
faucet
nach
mitigate
bitpipe
jamestown
arguably
techs
electives
walkman
midget
elisa
shelton
quan
boiled
commissioning
neville
experimentation
saltwater
natasha
cpi
endeavour
roswell
haute
herring
nis
unfamiliar
wacky
expectancy
deterioration
sgml
proclaimed
arid
anemia
biting
coincidence
idiots
mona
reits
muddy
nuevo
savanna
crn
hitchcock
cid
travestis
neighbour
mmf
raspberry
cancellations
paging
coe
nudists
illusions
fac
spikes
asean
airsoft
bontril
enumeration
proliant
keeling
zh
accesses
suche
permissible
yielded
nuisance
jive
siam
latent
marcia
drowning
bullshit
casper
spun
shalt
libstdc
ric
loch
commanding
sparrow
poorest
hector
xpress
datasets
webdesign
nicotine
comeback
brotherhood
gannett
milling
sinking
sulphur
curricular
downtime
takeover
wicker
lolitas
balm
thessalonians
figs
upto
browne
nephew
confess
joaquin
chit
chaotic
alexandre
lays
principally
visor
mundo
transistor
jarvis
drip
traced
outright
melodies
spotting
myriad
stains
sandal
rubbing
naive
wien
skeptical
wagering
remembrance
detects
everest
disregard
hanger
outkast
dragged
pitbull
foreman
rtf
allegiance
fairview
hires
conduit
alienware
dependable
mainframe
echoes
indo
compilers
ladders
prudent
glowing
guinness
heartbeat
blazer
alchemy
linden
timezone
merck
sven
tanya
geographically
bmc
alternating
tristan
audible
folio
eia
presiding
mans
colleen
bbbonline
participates
waterways
syndicated
lexicon
aff
fractures
apprenticeship
childbirth
dumped
integers
zirconia
barre
shortages
plumbers
rama
johannes
fiery
convex
jfk
raf
richer
igor
hama
mop
urn
soleil
patton
pei
surfer
diapers
eas
waco
physiol
connor
adp
northamptonshire
biscuits
disclaims
sich
outbound
breakout
restless
unanswered
paired
fakes
stderr
kev
fomit
vaults
injections
ahmad
remortgage
yogurt
complies
tossed
caucus
workaround
cooke
polytechnic
pillars
katy
zoe
uber
overwhelmed
salute
shoppe
parody
berlios
csr
penthouse
compensated
synthase
lacked
circulated
soo
pistons
emule
maltese
sauvignon
acorn
bosses
pint
ascension
bayer
carrera
ply
mornings
dvb
cation
mentioning
scientology
cdma
flagstaff
maxi
pretoria
thrive
msm
rac
feminism
rightly
paragon
basal
topps
webinar
dewalt
turnout
bruins
persist
wilde
indispensable
clamps
illicit
firefly
liar
tabletop
pledged
monoclonal
pictorial
curling
ares
wholesaler
smoky
opus
typekey
aromatic
flirt
slang
emporium
princes
restricting
partnering
promoters
soothing
freshmen
mage
departed
sqrt
aristotle
israelis
finch
inherently
cdp
krishna
forefront
headlights
monophonic
largo
proquest
amazingly
plural
dominic
sergio
swapping
skipped
hereinafter
nur
extracting
analogous
mev
hebrews
particulate
tally
unpleasant
uno
tempted
bedfordshire
blindness
creep
staining
rockport
nist
shaded
cot
plaster
novo
negotiable
subcategories
hearted
quarterback
obstruction
agility
complying
sudbury
otis
overture
newcomers
hectares
upscale
scrabble
noteworthy
agile
sdn
mta
sacks
docbook
kiosk
ionic
stray
runaway
slowing
firstgov
hoodie
hoodia
payout
clinically
watchers
supplemented
poppy
monmouth
metacritic
obligated
frenzy
decoding
jargon
kangaroo
sleeper
elemental
presenters
teal
unnamed
epstein
doncaster
particulars
jerking
weblogic
ity
bungalow
covington
bazaar
esd
interconnect
predicate
recurrence
chinatown
mindless
purifier
recruits
sharper
kz
tablespoons
greedy
rodgers
gloryhole
supervise
termed
frauen
suppl
stamping
coolest
reilly
hotjobs
downing
gnd
libc
basque
societal
astros
ire
halogen
pegasus
silhouette
wyndham
osu
tuesdays
dorado
daring
realms
maestro
turin
gus
utp
superpages
forte
coaxial
tipping
jpy
holster
fiddle
crunch
leipzig
liam
sesso
bard
kellogg
arabidopsis
reap
argv
hanoi
ccm
faucets
ballistic
exemplary
payouts
rockin
caliber
apostle
playful
supermarkets
bmg
icelandic
multiplied
enchanted
belgrade
styled
nacional
commanders
csv
telstra
thor
waive
contraception
bethany
polaroid
vance
soprano
polishing
marquis
underage
cardio
wen
translating
frontiers
timeshares
atk
qi
logger
adjoining
greet
acclaim
kool
oki
birding
hardship
detainees
hast
indi
lymph
barrie
pollutant
closeouts
miriam
cavaliers
rollers
carleton
pumped
tolkien
differentiated
sonia
undp
verifying
jbl
almighty
weekday
homecoming
increments
kurdish
vel
intuition
revoked
openness
chromium
circulating
bryce
ilo
latch
mccormick
verbs
drank
pcm
confrontation
shreveport
grower
frederic
darlington
slippery
unpredictable
galerie
dtd
capacitor
outpost
burnett
hilfiger
mda
litres
moroccan
seville
mira
nightwish
chatter
hess
wheaton
santo
lettuce
raging
tidy
motorized
jong
subgroup
oppression
chevelle
vets
bows
yielding
assays
torso
occult
expeditions
nok
hooker
ramon
longhorn
lorenzo
beau
backdrop
subordinate
lilies
aerobic
articulate
vgroup
ecstasy
sweetheart
fulfil
calcutta
thursdays
dansk
tenerife
hobbs
mayen
mediator
oldmedline
dunlop
caa
tad
modernization
xe
cultivated
rang
disconnected
consulate
fourier
businessman
watersports
lucent
wilkes
commuter
orthopedic
disagreement
hhs
strands
tyrosine
sicily
compost
shenzhen
adjourned
familiarity
initiating
erroneous
grabs
erickson
marlin
pulses
theses
stuffing
casserole
canoeing
cca
jeux
wilton
ophthalmology
flooded
geile
clubhouse
reverted
crackers
greyhound
corsair
ironic
licensees
wards
unsupported
evaluates
hinge
svg
ultima
cockpit
protesters
fernandez
venetian
mvc
sleazydream
patti
mz
sew
carrots
faire
laps
memorials
sennheiser
resumed
sheehan
conversely
emory
stunt
maven
excuses
commute
staged
vitae
transgender
hustle
stimuli
customizing
subroutine
upwards
witty
pong
transcend
loosely
anchors
hun
hertz
atheist
capped
oro
myr
bridgewater
firefighter
liking
preacher
propulsion
complied
intangible
westfield
compassionate
catastrophic
fuckers
blower
substitutes
tata
flown
frau
dubbed
silky
giclee
groovy
vows
reusable
macy
actuarial
distorted
nathaniel
attracts
bern
qualifies
grizzly
helpline
micah
erectile
timeliness
obstetrics
chaired
agri
repay
hurting
homicide
prognosis
colombian
pandemic
await
mpc
fob
sparse
corridors
sont
mcdowell
fossils
victories
dimage
chemically
fetus
determinants
compliments
durango
cider
noncommercial
opteron
crooked
gangs
segregation
superannuation
nemo
ifs
overcast
inverted
lenny
achieves
haas
wimbledon
documentaries
mpa
rao
remake
arp
braille
forehead
physiopathology
skye
seperate
econpapers
arxiv
pax
kalamazoo
taj
percy
scratches
conan
lilac
sinus
maverick
intellect
charmed
denny
harman
hears
wilhelm
nationalism
pervasive
auch
enfield
anabolic
nie
allegra
lexar
clears
videotape
educ
knowingly
pivot
amplification
larsen
huron
snippets
undergraduates
conserv
digestion
dustin
wsop
mixtures
composites
wolverhampton
soaring
dragging
virtues
banning
flushing
deprivation
cpt
delights
gauteng
foreword
glide
transverse
ftc
watertown
pathogens
engagements
mft
withstand
uefa
newbury
authorizes
blooms
soar
jacking
radiohead
uniformly
ooh
subsections
todos
definately
bod
piedmont
yin
tiki
empowered
homepages
asi
lena
outlying
slogan
subdivisions
handouts
deducted
ezekiel
totaling
elijah
cpm
marvelous
bop
asnblock
compton
stretches
vigorous
biloxi
flee
biscuit
creme
submits
woes
waltz
menace
emerges
classify
paige
downstairs
statesman
indymedia
clapton
cheerful
blush
beyonce
smf
leaflet
monde
weymouth
nabble
spherical
intracellular
infoworld
favourable
informs
boyz
dramas
cher
waltham
geisha
billiard
aut
dblp
briefcase
malay
unseen
mcmahon
optimism
cq
silica
kara
mcgregor
modal
marlboro
grafton
unusually
phishing
addendum
widest
foia
impotence
medley
cadet
redskins
kirsten
temper
yorker
memberlistmemberlist
gam
intravenous
ashcroft
asserts
loren
stew
newsfeed
hereafter
carbs
retiring
smashing
yakima
accumulate
realtones
xtc
vdata
interpro
tahiti
engadget
tracey
wac
mariner
collier
hush
darfur
fragmentation
behavioural
kiev
paranormal
whispered
generosity
vibrating
glossaries
sonyericsson
lama
artisan
akin
raphael
dex
lola
embarrassing
emoticons
carbohydrates
aqueous
pembroke
hms
norwood
appetizers
stockholders
webmin
lillian
stylesheet
goldstein
splinter
ibn
wnba
preferable
englewood
juices
ironically
morale
morales
solder
trench
asf
persuasion
hottie
stripper
practise
pfc
adrenaline
mammalian
opted
lodged
revolt
meteorology
analyzes
renders
pioneering
pristine
francaise
ctx
shines
catalan
spreadsheets
regain
resize
auditory
applause
medically
tweak
mmm
trait
popped
busted
alicante
basins
farmhouse
pounding
picturesque
ottoman
graders
shrek
eater
universidad
tuners
utopia
slider
insists
cymru
fprintf
willard
irq
lettering
dads
marlborough
sdl
ebusiness
pouring
hays
cyrus
concentrating
soak
buckingham
courtroom
hides
goodwin
manure
savior
dade
secrecy
wesleyan
baht
duplicated
dreamed
relocating
fertile
hinges
plausible
creepy
synth
filthy
subchapter
ttf
narrator
optimizations
infocus
bellsouth
sweeney
augustus
aca
fpo
fahrenheit
hillside
standpoint
layup
laundering
nationalist
piazza
fre
denoted
nazis
cumfiesta
oneself
royalties
newbies
mds
piles
abbreviation
vaginas
blanco
critiques
stroll
anomaly
thighs
boa
expressive
infect
bezel
avatars
pers
twiztid
dotted
frontal
havoc
ubiquitous
arsenic
synonym
facilitation
ncr
xb
voc
yer
rts
doomed
applets
francs
ballad
pdfs
sling
contraction
cac
devised
teh
explorers
billie
undercover
substrates
evansville
joystick
knowledgebase
forrester
ravens
xoops
rican
underline
obscene
uptime
dooyoo
spammers
mes
hymn
continual
nuclei
gupta
tummy
axial
slowed
aladdin
tolerated
quay
aest
outing
instruct
wilcox
topographic
westport
overhaul
majordomo
peruvian
indemnity
lev
imaginative
weir
wednesdays
burgers
rai
remarked
portrayed
watchlist
clarendon
campers
phenotype
countrywide
ferris
julio
affirm
directx
spelled
epoch
mourning
resistor
phelps
aft
bhd
plaid
audubon
fable
rescued
commentsblog
snowmobile
exploded
publ
cpg
padres
scars
whisky
tes
uptown
susie
subparagraph
batter
weighting
reyes
rectal
vivian
nuggets
silently
pesos
shakes
dram
mckinney
impartial
hershey
embryos
punctuation
initials
spans
pallet
pistols
mara
garages
sds
tanner
avenues
urology
dun
aforementioned
rihanna
tackling
obese
compress
apostles
melvin
sober
collaborations
tread
legitimacy
zoology
steals
unwilling
lis
isolates
velcro
worksheets
avaya
srs
wigan
hua
abba
qd
orig
paddy
huskies
frey
iz
loyola
plunge
pearce
gartner
vos
sinister
xda
burr
arteries
strapon
chaser
formations
vantage
texans
diffuse
boredom
norma
astra
expasy
crosse
overdrive
mondo
ripley
phosphorylation
helpless
cfo
depletion
neonatal
qr
mclaren
wyatt
rowling
vhf
flatbed
spades
slug
visionary
coffin
otter
golfers
lira
navajo
earns
amplified
recess
dispersed
technics
shouted
damien
clippers
shilling
resemble
spirited
gv
carbonate
mimi
staa
discriminate
stared
recharge
crocodile
openid
sassy
demux
ratification
ribosomal
tdk
vases
filmmakers
transnational
advises
sind
coward
paralegal
spokesperson
fha
teamed
preset
inequalities
iptables
pocketpc
garde
nox
jams
pancreatic
tran
manicures
dyes
sca
tls
prweb
holloway
viz
turbulence
cdrw
yell
fins
plz
nadu
ritchie
underwriting
dresser
rulemaking
rake
valentino
ornamental
riches
resign
prolyte
millenium
collectable
stephan
aries
ramps
tackles
injunction
intervene
poised
dsa
barking
walden
josephine
dread
dag
catchment
targus
tactic
ess
partitioning
voicemail
acct
handwriting
shimano
serpent
lingere
tapped
articulated
pitched
parentheses
contextual
qwest
jira
cerevisiae
wisely
accustomed
bremen
steaks
dyson
playhouse
superficial
toxins
camaro
suns
josef
casts
bunk
cryptography
stab
sanction
dyer
effected
signalling
daycare
murakami
tubular
merriam
moi
ode
scorpio
attr
avoids
richter
emp
ultrasonic
evidenced
heinz
argos
dit
larvae
dyke
ashford
intergovernmental
cassidy
paranoid
kernels
mobilization
dino
xvid
dmoz
amt
ivtools
barron
wilkins
snorkeling
chilean
avs
suny
gifs
qualifier
manipulated
hannover
alleviate
fungal
ligand
seam
aust
peoplesoft
freelists
riddle
coastline
comedies
fainter
omit
respectful
flamingo
cabaret
deformation
orf
recession
pfizer
assembler
awaited
renovations
nozzle
externally
needy
genbank
broadcasters
employability
wheeled
booksellers
noodles
darn
diners
greeks
retardation
supervising
freeport
lyme
corning
prov
reich
dishnetwork
armored
amg
weary
solitary
claremont
moo
photographed
tweed
snowy
pianist
emmanuel
acapulco
surrounds
knocking
cosmopolitan
magistrate
everlasting
cpe
childs
pigment
faction
tous
bizkit
argentine
blogosphere
endocrine
scandinavia
minnie
resp
genie
carlsbad
ammo
bling
chars
linn
mcguire
utilisation
rulings
sst
handel
geophysics
microscopic
clarified
coherence
slater
broccoli
foreach
oakwood
sensations
orphan
conferred
mcgee
kissimmee
acp
disturbances
chandelier
linker
embryonic
tetris
carver
paterson
tds
delle
graceful
synchronized
intercept
hsbc
shellfish
shouts
ascertain
astoria
veto
trajectory
epsilon
exhaustive
annoyed
bureaucracy
knowles
astrophysics
paz
stalls
fined
bien
hansard
inward
reflector
greeted
lai
hartley
defenses
meaningless
authorisation
clam
vampires
relocate
nerd
francesco
hes
georg
dac
negligible
starch
melinda
godfather
apron
glazing
guts
ros
pragmatic
tyranny
provisioning
warehouses
mnt
regimen
axel
expandable
antony
hahn
maserati
fluffy
marianne
slender
hereford
bender
reliably
aides
forma
fas
sendo
absorbing
cherries
hasbro
gaelic
gomez
alec
corba
polski
distinguishing
multidisciplinary
ventricular
glazed
judd
dashed
petersen
libyan
dickson
distressed
bans
macquarie
shouting
pta
poy
mao
bullock
villagers
transferable
yummy
acknowledgments
ethiopian
momma
lehigh
mermaid
buds
concordance
greenberg
trish
sexes
wilder
sire
centred
confinement
islanders
ding
uncover
contested
coma
husky
conserve
bland
electrodes
svcd
cron
darth
abatement
cramer
yup
originator
ching
whipping
skipping
melanoma
thug
routed
rudolph
abigail
missionaries
yugoslav
householder
occ
cpan
plotting
yan
succeeding
bizjournalshire
